A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.  	0
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
A bit predictable.  	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
It's practically perfect in all of them  a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
This is the number one best TH game in the series.  	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
It is an insane game.  	1
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.  	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
This game rocks.  	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
It's PURE BRILLIANCE.  	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
But it's just not funny.  	0
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.  	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.  	1
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Totally believable.  	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.  	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.  	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.  	1
Give this one a look.  	1
I gave it a 10  	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
It is a true classic.  	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The problem was the script.  	0
It was horrendous.  	0
There was NOTHING believable about it at all.  	0
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.  	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.  	0
It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.  	0
Too politically correct.  	0
Very disappointing.  	0
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.  	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.  	0
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.  	1
I really liked that.  	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
Brilliant!  	1
10/10  	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.  	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
I paid too much.  	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
It was so BORING!  	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Horrible!  	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.  	0
Awful.  	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.  	0
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
The script iswas there a script?  	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture.  	0
I'll even say it again  this is torture.  	0
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
Yes, it's that bad.  	0
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.  	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
"You'll love it!  	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
So bad.  	0
The film is way too long.  	0
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.  	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc.  	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
It was just too horrible.  	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
The poor actors.  	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.  	0
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.  	0
No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.  	0
Yet, I enjoy watching it.  	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
The dialogue sucked.  	0
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
The acting sucked.  	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
That was nice.  	1
That was funny.  	1
It was so funny.  	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.  	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.  	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
Again, lame.  	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
The acting was bad.  	0
Really bad.  	0
Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.  	0
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.  	1
He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.  	1
His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.  	1
Three of the most visually appealing movies i've ever seen.  	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.  	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
This is actually a very smart movie.  	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
" I love it.  	1
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.  	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!  	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.  	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
is pretty funny.  	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
It's just lame.  	0
The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right.  	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
It is shameful.  	0
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.  	1
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!  	1
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
I rather enjoyed it.  	1
I liked it.  	1
I couldn't take them seriously.  	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.  	1
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
Her role was played well.  	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
The camera really likes her in this movie.  	1
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.  	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
& That movie was bad.  	0
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
It just blew.  	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.  	0
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.  	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.  	0
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.  	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
Not even good for camp value!  	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.  	0
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.  	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.  	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
But this movie really got to me.  	1
See it.  	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.  	0
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
The cast is good.  	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
The script is bad, very bad  it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.  	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
the cast was great.  	1
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs.  	0
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
there is no real plot.  	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.  	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
This may be the only bad film he ever made.  	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
I thought it was bad.  	0
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
Let's start with all the problemsthe acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
To sum the film up, "Breeders" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus.  	0
Not recommended.  	0
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.  	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
Not recommended.  	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep.  	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!  	0
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.  	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.  	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
The story line is just awful!  	0
It's just painful!  	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.  	1
Go watch it!  	1
Omit watching this.  	0
VERY funny!  	1
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
Don't miss it.  	1
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
Avoid at all costs.  	0
I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!  	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
Overall, a delight!  	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
The least said about the acting the better.  	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.  	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
Excellent performance.  	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.  	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
Even allowing for poor production values for the time (1971) and the format (some kind of mini-series), this is baaaaaad.  	0
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
It is not good.  	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
It felt like a very gripping, intelligent stage play (but without the overly theatrical feeling one actually gets from watching people on a stage) which plays on everyone's terror of a white lie escalating to monstrous consequences.  	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
GO AND SEE IT!  	1
This is an excellent film.  	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
This is just a great movie.  	1
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.  	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
You wont regret it!  	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.  	0
How awful she is!  	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
The success of the film depends on the casting of Sydney Greenstreet as the Alexander Yardley character.  	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.  	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
The transfers are very good.	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!  	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
Nothing new there.  	0
That was done in the second movie.  	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
What on earth is Irons doing in this film?  	0
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this movie.  	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
A standout scene.  	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani  particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Personally, I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.  	1
And it was boring.  	0
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
Why was this film made?  	0
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
This movie is so awesome!  	1
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.  	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
10/10  	1
This is an extraordinary film.  	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
She carries the movie well.  	1
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
The attempts at humor were pitiful and story is so awful it dosen't bear thinking about which basically involves a Vulcan stealing the Enterprise to find god (seriously) I just didn't care about any of this film and oh not to mention Uhura does a belly dance to distract male guards.  	0
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
The warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop.  	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
It's pretty surprising that this wonderful film was made in 1949, as Hollywood generally had its collective heads in the sand concerning black and white issues at that time.  	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
See both films if you can.  	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
It's very slow.  	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
End of Days is one of the worst big-budget action movies I've ever seen.  	0
He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money.  	0
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
This movie is possibly one of the most creative works of horror ever.  	1
It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.  	1
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
Everything stinks.  	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman  and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
Great movie!  	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
What the hell kind of crap is that?!  	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
She's poised and amazing.  	1
Dee Snider just plain sucks.  	0
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying.  	0
Hated it.  	0
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
This is not movie-making.  	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Excellent short film.  	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  	0
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
Really awful.  	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  	1
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  	1
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
Go rent it.  	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
I enjoyed it.  	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.  	1
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
Definitely worth seeing it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.  	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.  	1
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
It looked like a wonderful story.  	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
I'm at Square One in Batu Pahat, Johor 	0
Christmas shopping for mommy, checking out some fresh KD’s (Santa is… 	1
Want to work at HCR ManorCare? We're #hiring in #KingofPrussia, PA! Click for details:  #Nursing #Nursing #Job	1
Game 5 of DGM...STOCKPILE ...#stock #boom #bust #game #exchange #automotive #electric… 	0
Breaking the routine @ Pacific Grove, California 	0
Crepes &amp; Waffles Fontanar #CrepesYWaffles is #nowplaying Kiss Of Life by #OliviaOng #cubevenue	0
Interested in a #job in #Boulder, CO? This could be a great fit:  #Hospitality #Hiring	0
#meri_mari   Big thanks for rubyfitness__ gym  And big thanks for ma best friend SAHEL… 	1
ETA 2 hours (@ Yong Peng in Johor) 	0
Please be KIND whenever possible!... it is always possible!🤓🤗 #kindness #compliments because you… 	1
Having a bit think of a breakdown so I asked for and received some time off of work. #anxiety	0
At 1:00 pm tomorrow Scott Twite leads his warriors into battle to defeat Shelby in a Class B… 	0
Thank you for making my 23rd birthday the best that it could be. I can’t thank you enough babe 😘… 	1
At Workshop DNA MEBEL AND FURNITURE  [pic] — 	0
Family is not an important thing. It’s everything ❤️ #losamo… 	0
Just posted a photo @ Rosebud Beach 	0
8:15am: sunrise sunset will be at 5:22pm	0
6:45am: sunrise sunset will be at 5:12pm	0
Yosemite Road Trip day 1 - Staying at the Groveland hotel, got a… 	1
#hudsonriver#wavehill#dabronx#thebronx#riverdale#newjersey#palisades#fallfoliage#thenewyorklifein… 	0
Good morning to all my friends @ Ludhiana - The Smart City 	1
Pre convo shoot (@ Centre for Foundation Studies (CFS) IIUM in Petaling Jaya, Selangor) 	0
Sitting in a roomful of strangers in a recording studio in East Nashville listening to songs… 	1
It's alive...ready for the final tomorrow night irwindale_event_center #irwindalespeedway big… 	1
🚷 #nosittinginthestreet @ Lower East Side 	0
Leaders become great, not because their power, but because of their ability to empower… 	1
@WhutWouldWoodDo i’ve deleted multiple people because of this today	1
#DateNight at @stelmo 🍷 @ St. Elmo Steak House 	0
Bass tracking done! @raylullwater cruisin’ USA through these tracks but at the end of the day… 	1
It's been quite a few years since I went on a date to a high school football game ❤🏈 Beautiful… 	1
I'm at Yangon International Airport in Mingaladon, Yangon Division 	0
Exhaust K2R - KR - Ninja - R - RR  ...  #empoweringyou #kawahara #kawaharard #kawahara_riders… 	0
Can't believe she graduates in May @ Canyon High School (New Braunfels, Texas) 	0
temperature down 8°C -&gt; 5°C	0
Cousins. @ Universal Studios Hollywood 	1
#Repost @majikninjaent (get_repost) ・・・ TOMORROW!!! #HauntedHighOns @ Clinton Township, Michigan 	0
Went for our pug walk 🐾 early this morning before it got too hot for Raven and Mushu.. Beautiful… 	0
Drinking a Belgian White by @ShockTop @ The Country Muffin —  #photo	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #HoChiMinhCity, Ho Chi Minh?  #DellJobs #SupplyChain #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at Café Iguana - @cafeiguanamx for Heffron Drive in Monterrey, NL 	0
Watching Allie Garland at JB’s Whiskey Creek @ JB's Whiskey Creek 	0
Veterans, young and old, we thank you. Proud to be an American and was truly  blessed to… 	1
Crm last day @ King Mongkut’s University of Technology North Bangkok 	1
Just like bruddas 💉 @ UP on the Roof 	0
🎶Spinnin some tunes w @whothefucksduce tonight  at gallerysixthirteen  🎶🎶   #gallery613… 	0
No better place to be to Honor Our Veterans and Fallen… 	0
You’re the wurst but I’ll share beer with you any day 😘 @ Wurstfest 	0
All we need is just a little patience✨ em Santa Barbara do Sul 	0
@RebeccaSlatkin Elastic GPU are incredible	1
How spend my Friday’s. @ LA Fitness Burien 	1
Burger 🍔 plus migration of patties 😂😂😂 @ Zark's Burgers, Araneta Cubao 	0
I'm at Carnitas San Pablo 	1
I'm at Causeway Seafood Restaurant in Manila, NCR 	0
Drinking a Celebration Ale (2017) by @SierraNevada at @roccoswc — 	0
Ready to find the right #job in #CapeGirardeau, MO? See our latest opening here:  #entrylevel #nowhiring #Hiring	1
It’s about to get real! So stocked to be recording w the one and only Mick Guzauski, and Mr… 	1
COUNTDOWN TO DCON! There will be a limited supply of the Our Lady of Hope 2.0 collab with… 	1
temperature down 64°F -&gt; 62°F wind 6mph -&gt; 3mph	0
I'm at PD Marina Beach Resort. 	1
Just posted a photo @ Burlington, North Carolina 	0
johnnynocashofficial about to get underway at cherrycolastoronto for indieweek2017 @indieweek… 	0
Friday Night Preview: Stay tuned for a full page color street scene in the New York Times… 	1
Happy Birthday Ed Boy! @ The Cheesecake Factory 	1
Just posted a photo @ Decatur, Georgia 	0
Time to fly LA here we go @anabetty_chavez @ George Bush Intercontinental Airport 	0
Not sure...bit this bad boy has coconut and it's great! - Drinking a Situation Indian Red Cask Ale by Situation Bre… 	1
temperature up 15°C -&gt; 21°C humidity down 93% -&gt; 68%	0
Silk Press and a haircut !!! Check her out 😍 ladies length doesn't always mean healthy when you… 	0
__store2__ #touchingrobots #doesithurt? @ Babycastles 	0
@tadams1138 you can expand the game to bet how many of his limbs will die to include all	1
I'll meet you where the sun it always shines. ☉ @ Kyaiktiyo Pagoda 	1
Hey mrs Tang! 8 years buddy! Still counting! #buddy #wedding #congratez @ Le Meridien Kuala Lumpur 	1
@bighorngolfclub so excited to have this team with me for Tennis… 	0
Chop down the tree ! #UDub #PurpleReign #GoHuskies #GoDawgs… 	0
Pilot 3-In-1Helmets | Harley-Davidson  	0
A customer shared this photo with us tonight! #quicktimeburritosandtacos #wetburrito #nofilter… 	1
#Egaylity | UK — Hollyoaks' Ste and Ryan for steamy romance in biggest relationship twist yet? 	0
Take Note. 🕗 11:11:2017 	1
The Adventures of Mac and Squeeze!! Hawaii #GIVETHANKS @ Waikiki Beach 	1
Speaking to #neurosurgeons in #southKorea #musicmedicine #music4surgery… 	0
a lot of hope for this month, give me something the best thing for my life 🌈 . . 📍Air terjun… 	1
I'm at Back Beer Lounge in Palhoça, Sc 	0
Those who are interested kindly contact us now!  #FWGFamily #Vacancy #WeCare #FollowFWG @… 	1
dr Hockey podcast is getting great feedback! Glad everyone like it. And, it’s a Big night of… 	1
Just posted a photo @ New York, New York 	0
saltcity_church 'Fella'ship! Iron sharpening iron! So cool to see these Brothas studying the… 	0
10-2 (@ Whiskey Rhythm Saloon in Nashville, TN) 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Water Conservation Manager -  #greenjobs #waterconservation #cajobs #Sales #Job	1
Pink tried proof light samples and big led floodlight samples. @ Shenzhen, Guangdong 	1
Wind 0 mph ---. Barometer 29.908 in, Steady. Temperature 33.5 °F. Rain today 0.18 in. Humidity 81%	1
Wind 3,6 km/h N. Barometer 1018,6 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 5,8 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 92%	0
22:52 Temp. 66.2°F, Hum. 83%, Dewp. 59.5°F, Bar. 1018.7 hpa, Rain Today 0 inch, Wind 126° 2.1 kn	1
Wind 2.0 mph SW. Barometer 30.581 in, Falling slowly. Temperature 23.1 °F. Rain today 0.00in. Humidity 75%	1
With Artist/Actress @1YoungMocha from the TV shows "Star" &amp; "The Get Down" #DTFRADIO… 	1
Interested in a #job in #Honolulu, HI? This could be a great fit:  #HPH #Hawaii #in #Healthcare #Hiring	0
My next painting. @ Lincoln, Nebraska 	1
Saucin' on you #whiteiverson @ Ramapo College of New Jersey 	0
teed_magnus what you think about these? @ Brewster Street Icehouse 	1
This certainly doesn’t happen everyday!  Incredibly blessed to experience all this beauty!… 	0
So I don't just go places and eat but also create something out of something 😎😂 Presenting "The… 	1
few clouds -&gt; broken clouds temperature up 28°C -&gt; 29°C humidity down 73% -&gt; 62% wind 1kmh -&gt; 5kmh	0
Three years of facepalming in response to my jokes, many more to come. ❤️ @ Taughannock Falls… 	1
FEW DAYS LEFT FOR PRE ORDER!! DON'T MISSED YOUR  CHANCE TO BE THE FIRST ONE WEARING… 	0
🤓🤓 @ Special Region of Yogyakarta 	0
TEST_LAT/LON: 4171f783-45a9-4bd3-b9fa-56c945762fe4	1
i hope you’re ready for the @motorcycleshows coming up nov 17-19th .. don’t miss it.… 	1
Our great Ethiopian feast with fasting or vegetarian/vegan food... Very delicious and too… 	1
📈 "Lozano" is trending today on Google Belgium (5000+ searches) 	0
Crossing the landslide area on the way to and back from #TilichoLake @ Tilicho Lake 	0
@ImNotHomeGoAway get outta here fam asap lol	0
Another really nice big hoppy red. - Drinking a Blood Buccaneer by @bacchus_brewing @ Bacchus Brewing Co  —  #photo	1
Did not spend money (@ Ted's Cameras in Canberra, ACT) 	1
25^ F (-4^ C). Frigid night. Bundle up. @ Prospect Avanue, Hackensack 	0
current weather in Saratov: overcast clouds, 0°C 100% humidity, wind 5kmh, pressure 1023mb	0
Amen @ Lorraine Mills Artist Studios/560 Mineral Springs Avenue 	0
How fantastic 	1
A great night as we inducted our latest class of Kappa Leaguers. I'm so excited about all the… 	1
Thx the good Lord for truck fing series	1
our last lunch for today at tawau.. @ Tawau 	1
I see you shiver with antici........pation @ 1904 Music Hall 	1
Whole cinema to ourselves for Suburbicon. This is how to chill on a Saturday @ Cinema Nova 	1
Chris Stapleton concert as date night with my handsome man 🎶💙 @… 	0
I just finished cycling 33.44 km in 1h:18m:53s with #Endomondo #endorphins 	0
scattered clouds -&gt; clear sky temperature down 64°F -&gt; 61°F humidity up 68% -&gt; 82% wind 9mph -&gt; 3mph	0
See healthy eating @ Four Seasons Resort The Biltmore Santa Barbara 	0
I'm at ASSINPA in Manaus, Amazonas 	1
The party is just getting underway here at mfby2.0 - PULL UP!!! @ My Friends Backyard Bar 	0
Coming Soon Sat AM #groupfitness Come grind with us @sixzerostrength @sunkisseddenver… 	0
#throwback Because it’s #watermelon #cake with #coconut #icecream... #JibbyEast #KLEast #Gombak… 	0
Night has fallen and the lights bring awesome glows #longbeachca #adventureswithmike… 	0
FYI: Super Eagle Captain, Mikel Obi Opens Up On How Chelsea Carted Him Away From Manchester United… 	0
See our latest #PalmHarbor, FL #job and click to apply: Cook -  #restaurant #brunch #CasualDining #Hiring	0
ಕಾಲದ ಕನವರಿಕೆ... @ Someshwar Beach, Mangalore 	0
haze -&gt; clear sky temperature down 37°F -&gt; 31°F humidity up 43% -&gt; 54% wind 9mph -&gt; 5mph	0
📰 Women's Basketball Drops Season Opener at USF (LSU Sprots) @LSUwbkb @USFWBB   	0
Want to work in #WestCaldwell, NJ? View our latest opening:  #publishing #Labor #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
#thewanforanne @ Queenstown NZ 	0
RAGNAROK rocked!!! Decided to take my pal @nautilusrhythm to one last movie before he flies out… 	1
I'm at Concordia 	1
clear sky -&gt; scattered clouds temperature down 12°C -&gt; 11°C humidity up 81% -&gt; 87% wind 3kmh -&gt; 2kmh	0
Crepes &amp; Waffles Usaquen #CrepesYWaffles is #nowplaying Time After Time by #TheBestSmoothJazz...ever! #cubevenue	0
Just posted a photo @ Decatur, Georgia 	0
Y'all don't know how to act after that get them lol @ Winter Park,… 	0
#comedy #openmicla #comedyclub #echoesonpico @ Echoes on Pico 	0
Lovin’ the food, the view and the person beside me. 💝 @ Charito by… 	1
I think I'm not too old to set another goal or dream a new dream✅✅✅happy weekend everyone.... @… 	0
Want to work at Sonus Networks? We're #hiring in #Bangalore! Click for details:  #Engineering #Job #Jobs	1
I'm at mercadinha D.Chica 	1
Are you ready for it...? #taylorswift #reputation #repost taylorswift 🖤 @ New York 	1
Construction on #JLine Both directions from Hewes Street Station to Broad Street Station 	0
Just posted a video @ Walmart Neighborhood Market Norfolk - E Princess Anne Rd 	0
Welcome friends to our ravioli class! . . . .  @cookwithjames #eatwithjames #sfeats… 	1
23:30:00,WS2080 Wind:360°at0.0km/h Gust:7.2km/h, Temp:16.8°C/DewPoint:13.5°C, Heat Index:16.8°C, 1014.3Hpa, PP0.0mm, Humidity:81%	0
#Latepost #IVLP As a part of our wonderful program we went to a a… 	1
See you at the ABIS 2017, Solaire MOA Complex @ Metro Manila 	0
Inception. #sanfrancisco #grafitti #art #colorful #instadaily #instart @ Mission District, San… 	1
I'm at Mokko Mokko Coffe&amp;Donout in Ponorogo w/ @vitandut 	0
Wine fest take 2 ❤️ @ Iowa Events Center 	1
I'm at American University of the Middle East in Kuwait 	1
I'm at cigarette-spot in Istanbul 	1
Kinshasa: 5:33am: sunrise sunset will be at 5:51pm	0
Going old school @ Omsi 	1
Our first #GoldenKnights game! #VegasBorn #VegasStrong @ T-Mobile Arena 	1
Wouldn’t want to spend my Friday any other way 💓🍝 @ Maggiano's Little Italy 	0
moderate rain -&gt; light rain wind 6mph -&gt; 8mph	1
KSU/NYC pt. 6 The World is Sound at the Rubin. Amazing. @ Rubin Museum of Art 	1
Decent nugget.  Will need nap. @ Chicken Nugget Festival 	1
Keep it 💯 #evarose @ Westport Park 	0
#Top3Apps for #WatchUsFly  Twitter for iPhone 34% Twitter Web Client 31% TweetDeck 18%	0
As water reflects the face, so one's life reflects the heart. #thewandererscompass… 	1
Christmas spirit... @ CF Toronto Eaton Centre 	0
I'm at BTS หมอชิต - @bts_skytrain in Chatuchak, Bangkok 	0
I just finished running 10.90 km in 56m:32s with #Endomondo #endorphins 	0
First show of two @starkvillepony come see me shake my little booty. #sasseecassee… 	0
Catfish Filets at Bobby Q”s       Brisket is good but Damn this catfish is awesome.  #foodporn… 	0
Nana was very talkative and alert today which made today’s visit a… 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: E-marketing analytics -  #Marketing #Singapore #Hiring #CareerArc	0
DQz 3rd Stage Swimming Test 🏊🏼‍♂️🏊🏼‍♂️🏊🏼‍♂️💦 #SwimFamilies… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #TetonVillage, WY?  #JHdreaming #Hospitality #Hiring	0
few clouds -&gt; broken clouds temperature up 19°C -&gt; 20°C humidity down 48% -&gt; 45% wind 5kmh -&gt; 7kmh	0
Weekend stroll #WhenInKorea . . . #TatlumputDalawaSaKorea #SeoulSearching #BirthdayTrip @… 	0
Good advice! 😂 #illtaketwo #donttextanddrink #cda #cdaidaho @ Lakers… 	1
Gliders dotted the sky, Bella, the dog (pic 2), got to fly 🐕, and I finally worked up the nerve… 	0
One of the items on my #BucketList is to watch the #Leafs play in every NHL arena. I knew that… 	0
Can’t believe you’re graduating ahead of me, your older sister 😭😭😭😭 despite how salty I am about… 	0
Still getting to know my new #instantpot! Tender #potroast w potatoes &amp; #carrots with #gravy in… 	1
Day #97: Mexico’s version of rumble strip. Not too sharp (unlike Philippines’) so it’s gentle on… 	1
Don't forget that your family is gold #keepittogether en Roma Sur 	1
#edisingopi #dapetgratisan #jarang² #starbucks #nikmati #berkat #BP_Picture #tumbler @ Starbucks… 	0
I'm at Woodcroft in Woodcroft, New South Wales 	1
Acne is one of the most stressful skin conditions no matter how old you are.  This beauty was… 	0
SPARTAN FANS should we make this a "WHITE OUT" game next Friday?… 	0
With K e k e at @borromeusbdg [pic] — 	0
current weather in Shah Alam: broken clouds, 31°C 62% humidity, wind 1kmh, pressure 1011mb	0
#imaginedragons was probably the best concert I've ever been to (&amp;… 	1
I'm at The Manhattan Fish Market in Singapore 	1
Sams loves watching cat documentaries. #kedi #catsofinstagram @ Castro District, San Francisco 	1
Hang onto your Hat, Bro. Woody! Oh yeah? Uh huh. I'm going to see Mr. Kurtz do some Magic. Be careful. He has a ❤ o… 	0
Wind 0.5 mph S. Barometer 30.170 in, Falling. Temperature 15.9 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 78%	0
Wind 4.0 mph ENE. Barometer 30.477 in, Falling slowly. Temperature 27.9 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 68%	1
Tomorrow's forecast is overcast with a high of 44°F and a low of 36°F.	0
Go on an Indian expedition without leaving the country inside the Taj Mahal room in Victoria… 	1
Recap | DK —   The effects of resource extraction on Inuit women and their families - This article presents the fin… 	0
Recap | IE —   Irish Government reveals post-Brexit trade plans in new paper 	0
Music by #cristianodancemusic #thomas_mester #ricohtheta #360video @ New York, New York 	1
It takes time ⏰🌹🌸 @ Dubai Miracle Garden 	0
Accident, right lane blocked in #Carrollwood on Dale Mabry NB between Busch Blvd and Linebaugh Ave #traffic 	0
11-10-2017. FRIDAY EVENING.  SO COOL SKY.    #kvs #crohns #manassa #colorado #mycolorado… 	1
I'm at @TheTipsyCrow in San Diego, CA 	1
USGS reports a M0.83 #earthquake 13km ESE of Mammoth Lakes, California on 11/11/17 @ 5:06:04 UTC  #quake	0
12am: #Parry Sound #Weather - 	1
When the girls want nachos for a late night snack @ Casa De Butz 	1
#SuperCar appreciation post. This particular #lamborghini @lamborghini Captured my… 	1
Late (@ Yamaha One City) 	1
doors. @ Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn 	1
Drilling the basic exercises to increase my core/balance. @ LA Fitness - CENTEREACH 	1
My baby loves the chicagobulls as much as we do Win or lose we are always rooting for my Bulls… 	1
I'm at @MACFitOfficial in Istanbul 	1
Dopeness thanks to untaintedcreatives @ Rooftop BBQ Maboneng 	0
Welcome home Krewella! @krewella #chicago #insane @ Official Aragon Ballroom 	1
#veteransday #thankyou #America has always been great! #disabledveteran #navy #myDad #vietnam… 	1
Redzel just outssssssstanding. Great race. Well ridden again kpmcevoy @ Flemington Racecourse… 	1
Spicy Soppressata, shishito, honey... | Very solid staff/bar crew at @PHLBeerGarden; friendly,… 	1
I'm at Hentian R&amp;R Muadzam Shah 	1
The Setup #carterextreme @ South Side, Louisville, Kentucky 	0
This was the jam!   #themostinterestingmanonradio #kcandjojo @ Arena Theatre Houston 	1
Haps bday leebies (@ Larry Lawrence in Brooklyn, NY)  	0
🤗🤗🤗 @ Rockwell Power Plant Mall Makati,Phil. 	0
Once again, I’m back! Lol @ Tulsa, Oklahoma 	0
Dammit, @mmkxc just KILLED IT!!! Hurry now for @guantanamoBW @ Diabolical Records 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Office 365 Support Engineer -  #Engineering #Manila, NCR #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
temperature up 68°F -&gt; 70°F humidity down 73% -&gt; 68% wind 14mph -&gt; 17mph	0
Good evening #Niue! Sun will set in 30 minutes (local time 18:32) #Sunset #Photo #Photography [11.11.2017]	1
I'm at Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) Terminal 2 - @miaagovph in Pasay City, Metro Manila 	0
@sas_bukhari the 1st mention of #TaunsaKaptaanDa appears on your TL. Now is Trending Topic in Pakistan! #trndnl	0
October 27 2017 Linkin Park and Friends #fbf #rip #MakeChesterProud #LP #HollywoodBowl @… 	0
The tweet with the most impact of the #ReturnOfOneIdiot Trend, was published by @IDFCMF:  (66 RTs) #trndnl	0
Algeria vs Nigeria: What Super Eagles must avoid – Jo Bonfrere	0
Drinking a Speedway Stout (Single-Barrel Aged) 2017 by @AleSmithBrewing at @alesmithbrewing — 	0
Join the Standard Chartered Bank team! See our latest #job opening here:  #FinTech #IT #Newark, NJ #Hiring	1
Huge game with BCS Playoffs implications!!! Georgia is still unbeaten but can Kerryon Johnson… 	0
Good morning #earlymorning @ Lagos, Nigeria 	0
Just posted a photo @ OBOS PLACE - Palawan 	0
Good morning #Lome! Sun will rise in 30 minutes (local time 05:43) #Sunrise #Photo #Photography [11.11.2017]	1
Nick Jones with the first of his 2 goals to lead @undmhockey to a 4-1 win over Miami U of Ohio.… 	1
Before dranks (@ Starbucks in Los Angeles, CA) 	1
My loveeeeee😍😄😚😚😚😚 💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋 💚💛💚💛💚💛💚💛💚💛💚 @ Ubud 	0
😍😍😍 RT @AndrysVee: Gains 🤓 	0
Shout to the mighty @yeahrightpos (P.O.S) of my favorite hip hop… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Sr. SDx Application Development Engineer -  #IT #CareerArc	1
regranned from taste_lasvegas  -  Chicken Limone at Brio 😍😍😍 It was as good as it gets… 	0
Bafana Bafana drained me yesterday guys	1
Ugh. Saturday traffic in Cebu is a pain in the @$$. So thankful I'm… 	1
USGS reports a M0.8 #earthquake 14km S of Fairbanks, Alaska on 11/11/17 @ 5:42:22 UTC  #quake	0
Wedding Reception  🇬🇭🇰🇪 #BrendawedsKweku @ Karen Country Club 	0
Alayna did a great job today at CIF cross country championships. She finished around 28th out of… 	1
Just posted a photo @ Sumilon Island, Oslob, Cebu 	0
Siblings @ Gauteng 	1
We went to a burger festival and all we got was this silly photo. And also, macarons #cowabunga… 	0
Sometimes we have to reflect upon our choices and remember they are made for a reason. Never… 	1
DJs Becca &amp; Amy bringin the dance to the party. @ The Oxbow Hotel &amp; The Lakely 	1
Cleared: Incident on #Q33Bus Both directions at Ditmars Boulevard:94th Street	0
#Land / Plot for sell in Anjuna, Goa #ResidentialPlot #ForSale #AnjunaBeach #NorthGoa #Residential #Property 	0
Just posted a photo @ Gaucho 	0
I'm at Ras al Khor 	1
temperature down 7°C -&gt; 4°C humidity up 81% -&gt; 93% wind 1kmh -&gt; 2kmh	0
Rome: 6:55am: sunrise sunset will be at 4:52pm	0
I'm at Starbucks Coffee in Imus City, Cavite 	0
2017/11/19: Athina, Greece: ONE CHOREO TWO BROWLERS  	0
With edibleflowers, pomegranate and vanillabean coconut yoghurt. Delish. #raglan #coconut… 	0
Get Down by Nas is #nowplaying in Vera's On The Drive, Vancouver.	0
I'm at Sta. Cruz, Sta. Maria, Bulacan 	1
I'm at Queen Sirikit Botanic Garden in Mae Rim, Chiang Mai w/ @happybirdyday 	0
Wind 0.0 mph SW. Barometer 1011.18 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 6.6 °C. Rain today 0.0mm. Humidity 93%	1
Wind 6,1 km/h S. Barometer 1005,9 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 20,6 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 72%	0
Just posted a photo @ Karachi, Pakistan 	0
wowza, what a stud 🔥💋 #semi2k17 #uukd @ Blessing Barn 	0
'I stare and study the nature of human.' 	1
I'm at PJ Palms Sport Centre in Petaling Jaya, Selangor 	0
Good morning #Ouagadougou! Sun will rise in 30 minutes (local time 06:02) #Sunrise #Photo #Photography [11.11.2017]	1
Dare 2 be different 🤷🏽‍♂️😆😂😂🙄🔫🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊😎💔 #maritheheartbreakkid #whatsyourphonenumber… 	0
ESTRENO MUNDIAL: @Juanlmorera ft. @timbaland @badbunny15 – Move Your Body (Official Video) -… 	0
Good morning #Abidjan! Sun will rise in 30 minutes (local time 06:03) #Sunrise #Photo #Photography [11.11.2017]	1
God Bless All Who Serve &amp; Protect! Y’all Make America Great! 💯🤘🏼🇺🇸 @ Lakeland University - WI 	0
Just posted a photo @ Orangeburg, New York 	0
🍔🍟🍦 @ KC Crossroads Arts District 	0
Join the The TJX Companies team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Retail #Victoria, BC #Veterans #Hiring	1
“You don’t agree, but you don’t refuse.”  Happy Morrissey Day, Morrissey! @ Hollywood Bowl 	1
Baby, this was THE NIGHT 💕 en Cuenca CLUB 	0
#WeHERE houseofbluesanaheim 4 The #BigHomie djericcubeechee MF #BIRTHDAY #Celebration #AllDOPE… 	0
With Dinii at Paseban Sena Ballroom And Boutique Hotel [pic] — 	0
Put My Life On The Line For This Shit🖖🏽💉🤬 @ Chicago, Illinois 	1
These pro gamers made it out with time to spare. #escaperoomspdx #arcadeescaperoom #escaperooms… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Canton, MA? This could be a great fit:  #Retail #Hiring	0
Fastest players of week 9!  20+mph  Repost @nfl #motivation #slowfeetdonteat @ Pacific Beach,… 	1
11/11/2017 - 00:15 Temp: 34.9F   Hum:  93% Wind: 0.0 mph Baro: 30.323in. &amp; Falling Rain: 0.00 in. 	0
Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and the thought has found words. - Robert… 	1
#Volnay #JeanMarcBouley #wine 🍷 @MichaelMinaLV, a #MichaelMina restaurant @bellagio,  that… 	0
I’m a pretty demanding actor. I️ only work I’m back lights. . . . #diva #bigdeal #setlife @ Top… 	0
Moments of fun to shoot at Leisure! The search for a Villian in… 	1
Drinking a Beer Camp Across the World Dunkle Weisse (2017) by @SierraNevada @ Seven Pines — 	0
I'm at Restu Villa 	1
Birthday shout out to the Boss Lady.. Clementina Aweto.  Best birthday wishes from the Aboki… 	0
#lionwitchwardrobe #rimoftheworldhighschool @ Rim of the World High School 	0
Hiring for female bouncers at fox these days 🤣🤣 @ Fox Hollow 	0
alLAbout Community &amp; Townswquare Surabaya Present :  Action Sunday “Activities by… 	0
I followed my nose into a yakitori bar in Omoide Yokocho. Small, tiny with limited counter top… 	0
Take Off" by @kehoe1andony feat.  @jessicajaymes officialbrianabanks @savanastyles… 	1
A little bit chilly but still an awesome College visit today w/Liv… 	0
15:30, Wind 5.8 m/s, ENE Rain rate 0.0 mm Temp. 17.7C 33%  1017.31 hPa/Rising Rapidly Rain today 0.0 mm  #kawaguchi	0
See our latest #Incheon #job and click to apply: Jr. Operator -  #SupplyChain #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I’m overwhelmed with love and happiness right now, and I’m beyond… 	1
Just posted a photo @ Central Park Manhatan 	0
7:34am: sunrise sunset will be at 5:58pm	0
current weather in Strasbourg: clear sky, 6°C 81% humidity, wind 5kmh, pressure 1017mb	0
Join the IQE team! See our latest #job opening here:  #jobsearch #IT #Bethlehem, PA #Hiring	1
I was out cycling 54.62 km with #Endomondo #endorphins 	1
Just posted a photo @ New York, New York 	0
Obsessed w/these beautiful flowers 💐  @Bellagio #Vegas #VegasStrong  #howwevegas #Bellagio… 	0
Day 2/7. My life in Black &amp; White. . . . . . Today I challenge @jarapena Seven days. Seven Black… 	1
#octopusproject #erikgoes2shows @ Hemisfair 	0
When you have the two best phones and it has dbrand on top of it... #crispyskin #dbrand #iphone… 	1
I'm at Absolute Thai in Kuala Lumpur 	0
I'm at Yasemin Lychee in Mersin 	1
thunderstorm -&gt; clear sky humidity up 59% -&gt; 63% wind 5kmh -&gt; 2kmh	0
Lil' bit of Paris in Monterrey 🇫🇷❤🇲🇽  #Crepe #Dessert #Nutella #Banana #Night #Sugar #Monterrey… 	0
Want to work at Chico's? We're #hiring in #HighPoint, NC! Click for details:  #Retail #Job #Jobs	1
The “I can’t believe a year went by so fast” post. @ Pao Faena 	0
The Siyali Mahadev temple at Manali. Loved the old world structure made of wood. So peaceful and… 	1
Just posted a photo @ Sinagtala Farm Resort &amp; Retreat Park 	0
@rachael668 Different world Rachael. Get back up north asap 😂	1
Zzzzzz... (@ Chateau SxlChocolat in Mount Arlington, NJ)  	0
@JulCafetaoGB : it’s all about Momentum ' !! 📷 @Yann_Renoard 🙌🏽 @JulCafetaoGB 📐 @pequeno_gonzalo… 	1
Saying goodbye after a great evening! #nojudgements #innocenceisbliss #lovemyfamily #laffs… 	1
Meet my twin 👭 @ Dubai Miracle Garden 	0
Just Add Water....   ♏️ @ New Orleans, Louisiana 	0
Want to work in #CranberryTownship, PA? View our latest opening:  #IT #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
I'm at @MelakaGov in Melaka 	1
Come party with me @blowweho #blowweho #melissabefierce wig by ardawigs #ardawigs #blowqueen… 	0
What a great way to begin a long weekend with my lovely family.    #thanksforthejavaparveen… 	1
Ready for Attitude of Gratitude in 7 hours! Cultivating an attitude of Gratitude at Bethel… 	0
07:00 GMT: Temp: 5.3°C (feels 4.0°C), Wind: NW, 0 mph (ave), 2 mph (gust), Humid: 93%, Rain (/hr) 0.0 mm, Press: 1001 hPa, falling slowly	0
11/0700  Fcast:Scattered showers, becoming less settled Temp:7.1°C Rain2Day9.7mm Baro:1013.0hpa Falling WindGust 0.0mph E Sunset:16:15	0
Another fun Q&amp;A with Justin Timberlake, Kate Winslet, Jim Belushi and Juno Temple... thanks SAG!… 	0
I'm at Nai Harn Beach in Mueang Phuket, Phuket 	0
I'm at BTS Siam - @bts_skytrain in Pathum Wan, Bangkok 	0
T O N I G H T!!  Wishbone proudly present: “EPILOGUE” Saturday,… 	1
Recap | AM —   Mexico condemns Texas execution of its citizen - The case came alongside tensions over Trump's plan… 	0
It’s different when you put your heart &amp; soul into the things you love doing... . . #📸 -… 	1
If I have opportunity to move to another part of Malaysia, I would go everywhere in Malaysia.… 	0
Stay reich vapor &amp; lounge...  #vape #reich #vapor #lounge #letsvape #guidebogor #amazing… 	0
Just posted a photo @ Arkansas 	0
Drinking a Big Mo IPA by @thebarnbrew at @thebarnbrew — 	0
The Promise Cover at the 20 Mile Tap House Open Mic Thursday!!! 🎤🎸#20miletaphouse #openmic… 	0
Just posted a photo @ Air Line State Park Trail 	0
Just posted a photo @ Nairobi, Kenya 	0
I'm at EVEANDBOY The Underground in Pathum Wan, Bangkok 	0
When life is so exciting 😂 #puppies #playtime #dogstrustdogschool #puppysocialising… 	1
#CilfynyddWeather is Temp: 12.1°C Wind:0.0mph Pressure: 1012.3hpa Falling slowly Rain Today Unavailable.  Forecast: Showery, becoming less s	0
Movie night at 0516. D38 is a family An unstoppable force! Caldo, pizza n popcorn sweet bread  @Marcy_olivarez… 	1
Wonderful time on the meet and greet #ericbellinger with nylapoohh live show @ Ace Of Spades 	0
Sleepy owl enamel pins! Check them out at my booth 314. Produced by @MartianToys #sleepyowl… 	0
Los Angeles @ Urth Caffe - Melrose Ave, Hollywood CA 	0
Roulette table was good to me! @ Blue Chip Casino Spa Blu Tower 	1
I'm at Woodlands Checkpoint (Causeway) in Singapore 	0
current weather in Sapporo: light intensity shower rain, 4°C 75% humidity, wind 4kmh, pressure 994mb	0
11112017 (213) @ Terminal21 Korat Shopping Mall 	0
If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman. “Margaret… 	0
Incident on #I95S SB at 0.80 miles beyond Exit 14 (US 1(CONN AVE)) 	0
Caviar and wine pairing.... so excited!! #wbc17 #caviar #winelife #foodie @ Jordan Vineyard &amp;… 	1
View of Franz Josef glacier taken from the front of a helicopter! Today's exciting adventure was… 	0
RT now to win a tweet  	1
Me eating oysters 😂 it's all about the sauce murrr  . . . #oysters #oyster #sauce #felix… 	0
2 days back at #britannia #ladydiana @ The Royal Yacht BRITANNIA 	0
Crepes &amp; Waffles Usaquen #CrepesYWaffles is #nowplaying Coming Back As A Man by #CaroEmerald #cubevenue	0
I'm at Johor Bahru City Square in Johor Bahru, Johor 	0
#happyveteransday #veteransday #2017 @ South Carolina 	0
Aye, I'm just tryna make way out to the concrete jungle. Who walks with me? (@ Cercanías Zarzaquemada - @renfe) 	0
At Resinda Park Mall [pic] — 	0
Plateau killings: Jang insists on open grazing ban, tells Lalong to suspend UK trip 	0
Cleared: Construction on #NewJerseyTurnpikeWesternSpur SB from North of Interchange 15W - I-280 to Southern Mixing Bowl	0
could you believe i could be different?  ➖➖➖➖➖ 💄: @zeagiena  👚: @morrysportland  📷:… 	0
3225 Turtle Creek Blvd #745, Dallas, TX 75219, $285,000 2 beds, 2 baths 	0
 THE PLACE TO BE TONIGHT! The Rab #Friday Night… 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Contact Centre Customer Service Assistant,... - 	1
I'm at @BrisbaneAirport International Terminal in Brisbane Airport, QLD 	0
You know the sun will rise again and I will still be a proud atheist, part of the LGBTQ… 	1
Brittany is BAE 💙💙 @ Chicago, Illinois 	0
Step team @ Punjab Group Of Colleges 	1
I'm at Brendinha's house 	1
I will eat u like red velvet cake 🍰 .. Nom nom.. #yummy #hungry @… 	1
If you're looking for work in #Farmington, NM, check out this #job:  #HigherLearning #collegejobs #Clerical #Hiring	0
Good morning #IsleofMan! Sun will rise in 30 minutes (local time 07:39) #Sunrise #Photo #Photography [11.11.2017]	1
2017/11/08: San Diego, CA, United States: Thanksgiving Tamales Fundraiser for San Diego Bgi…  	0
Wind 1 kts W. Barometer 1010.06 mb, Falling slowly. Temperature 5.7 °C. Rain today 0.4 mm. Humidity 89%	0
Interested in a #job in #LittleRock, AR? This could be a great fit:  #Nursing #Hiring	0
a pretty smile is come on ur  face.. when u go back home.. aafter a… 	1
Special Lecture Concert at Dulwich College Seoul  #lecture #concert #dulwichcollege #Bach… 	0
temperature down 50°F -&gt; 41°F humidity up 75% -&gt; 100% wind 13mph -&gt; 15mph	0
Ride together in love and fall accompanied by longing😋 @ Batang,… 	0
Bye Montevideo (at @TresCrucesUy in Montevideo) 	0
@StudyHallCU Be humble!!! Clemson/FSU weekend!! #deejaycapone #djlife #clemson #fsu… 	1
Cleared: Incident on #FranklinDRooseveltDrive NB at Exit 9 - East 42nd Street	1
I’m not liking this Old Fashioned. @ Seattle, Washington 	0
temperature up 21°F -&gt; 23°F humidity up 53% -&gt; 62%	0
When a couple gets married, is it not up to them to decide who gets invited to their special day? I mean in the townships.	0
Alpha Strike 8 vs 8 tonight at Dice Addiction in Tulsa! #battletech #miniatures #wargaming… 	0
Why can’t PhotoGrid let me be great and make the background black and white 😒why?! 🤷🏾‍♀️… 	0
I'm at AEON Tebrau City Shopping Centre in Johor Bahru, Johore 	0
Good morning #Stanley! Sun will rise in 30 minutes (local time 04:53) #Sunrise #Photo #Photography [11.11.2017]	1
I was out walking 4.71 km with #Endomondo #endorphins 	1
The Bean #analoglove #analoguevibes #bigcity #christianlipowski #christianlipowskidotcom… 	0
I'm at @Starbucks in Riyadh 	1
I'm at Target in Rosemead, CA 	1
Retweet if you approve  	1
I'm at Social 35 in İzmir  	0
Want to work in #Cambridge, England? View our latest opening:  #CustomerService #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I'm at Holymoor Riding School in Chesterfield, England 	0
#Top3Apps for 'Maharashtra MLC'  Twitter for Android 51% Twitter Web Client 11% Twitter for iPhone 10%	0
I'm at International College For Sustainability Studies (SWUIC) in Vadhana, Bangkok 	0
Hugo Boss -New Collection  Hugo Boss and the Vitra Design Museum jointly held a cocktail event… 	0
Want to work at Guckenheimer? We're #hiring in #SanFrancisco, CA! Click for details:  #culinary #Job #Jobs	1
Earlier today around stadium @ Teslim Balogun Stadium 	0
🗾 #sky #clouds #fabskyshots top.tags #skylovers #bluesky #cloudstagram #beautiful #cloudporn… 	0
I'm at T1 International Terminal - @sydneyairport in Mascot, NSW 	0
Catch up in the most unlikely place with becomingryan @ St. Luke's Medical Center - Global City 	0
Meetings, In A Place that always inspires me to record the best creations possible #eastwest… 	1
Tired as fuck lol been up since 4am. Sorry guys will go hard tommorrow	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Management Position in Product Supply Chain -  #Clerical #SanJosé, San Jose #Veterans	1
Me &amp; 4shleigh89 on Sunday 🎉🙌🏽👯🍷 @ The Inn Place 	0
Try drinking these and then anything else afterward....yep, didn’t… 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Gracewell of Frome -  #Hospitality #Frome, Somerset #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Early up for a comfortable and relaxing shopping day in Rheinpark-Center Neuss. That's what… 	1
LOG 2017-2037-136: For TFE... what's with this procedure requiring so many paperwork? (@ St. Luke's Medical Center) 	0
You say One love One life When it's one need In the night It's one love We get to share… 	1
If you're looking for work in #Portland, OR, check out this #job:  #PSJHJobs #Pharmaceutical #Hiring	0
Unique edge-wear by Seattle couturier Trash by Tony Dresses. See his latest creations this… 	0
Want to work in England? View our latest opening:  #Labor #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Introducing Mr. Leo Rhys Wasem. Born 11-10-17 at 7:59 pm, weighing… 	1
Happy Armistice, we are the champions to fight the inferior European German. 👑 à Christian… 	0
Brighton captured by paulmarrano @ Brighton, South Australia, Australia 	0
Yawn! Good morning! I’m waiting for my flight to Zürich.! See you early tonight at ANGELS BLACK… 	1
I'm at Hamdan Restaurant w/ @aqeeltalib 	0
Just posted a photo @ Ambala, India 	0
🕺🕺🕺🕺🕺🕺🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄 @ Flaming Saddles West Hollywood 	0
Chillin' @ Surigao City 	1
OnePeople.SG Orange Ribbon Walk 2017 (@ Esplanade Park in Singapore) 	0
14 minutes late, but Fuel Funny Car Friday!!!  #NHRA #NationalHotRodAssociation #NHRAonFOX… 	0
Exciting learning for the next 2 days! #edtechteam @ Singapore… 	1
US Navy n that @ Walter Reed National Military Medical Center 	0
Getting lost in Portland just one more time with my mini 🌠 @ Portland, Oregon 	0
Animal/fish version of Married at First Sight.  LOL  #siamesebetta #siamesefish #bettafishtank… 	1
Whoever Joins Himself (To  Another) In A Good Cause  Shall Have A Share Of It,  And Whoever… 	0
Any of my friends around? (@ Glorietta 5 - @ayalamalls in Makati City, Metro Manila) 	1
Bring the kids! #hotchocolate #cookie #kids #happysaturday @ Mocha Lounge 	1
Billy Bob #Prototype #RockAFireExplosion #JustinIshmael #MightyJaxx #Designercon #Booth718 @… 	1
temperature down 9°C -&gt; 6°C humidity down 89% -&gt; 70% wind 4kmh -&gt; 1kmh	0
Frozen twirling @ Bampton, Wiltshire, United Kingdom 	0
With rini, Retno, and 3 others at @djournalcoffee [pic] — 	0
2017/12/15: Saskatoon, SK, Canada: King of the Streets Dance Battle 2017  	0
Want to work at Reinhart Foodservice? We're #hiring in #Mebane, NC! Click for details:  #DRIVER #trucker #Job #Jobs	1
Colour change by Amy using lorealpro, styled using @ghd  Call 01513456148 or message to… 	0
Counting down to the awesome event! La Fiesta Monita no.8 is about to begin! We’ll see you peeps… 	0
temperature up 22°F -&gt; 24°F humidity down 67% -&gt; 62% wind 3mph -&gt; 9mph	0
I wish McCafé is available in Labuan..... @ Kuala Lumpur International Airport 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Licensed Practical Nurse -  #Nurse #RN #NURSE #Summersville, WV #Veterans	0
Red grape seed is the active ingredient that helps nourish, define and rehydrate curly hair.… 	0
Wind 1 kts WSW. Barometer 1009.99 mb, Falling slowly. Temperature 6.0 °C. Rain today 0.4 mm. Humidity 94%	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Officer/Assistant Manager, Sales &amp; Transactions Assurance, Private Banking -  #Job	1
Federal govt, 3 Chinese firms agree to build 3,050MW Mambilla power plant in 6 years  via… 	0
A real #showstopping  platinum &amp; Diamond commission completed ! Our lead times are 6-8 weeks so… 	1
The best thing you can do for your body this weekend is move, get up and be active. 🙌🏻👊🏼… 	1
41% of the San Francisco's Trends for Friday 10 were hashtags:  #trndnl	0
Just posted a photo @ University of San Agustin 	0
Just posted a photo @ Cambridge, Illinois 	0
@nunez_adriana ———————————————————————— PHOTOS &amp; EVENTS —… 	0
771 Jackson Avenue, the Bronx 	1
Just posted a photo @ Cardiff 	0
FIT IS NOT A DESTINATION. IT IS A AWAY OF LIFE @ Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia 	0
I'm at Follow The Sun Sound Laboratory in Eindhoven, Noord-Brabant 	0
few clouds -&gt; clear sky temperature down 19°C -&gt; 16°C humidity down 68% -&gt; 63%	0
There is beauty in simplicity… 	1
Witch Parking Only. Muggles will be towed. #Transylvania @ Brasov, Romania 	1
💕My doll with her doll ... 😍found an old pic... 💕 Her red frock and tights from @hm hm_home @hm… 	0
TEST_LAT/LON: 9e88c312-be93-48be-a304-40b6b5cf9401	1
‘Life’s too short to have boring hair’ @babylissuk Straightening Brush is all you need to get… 	0
A pretty spectacular evening at our home town restaurant upon a hill, addisonrestaurant. Thanks… 	1
Trend Alert: 'Tony Blair'. More trends at  #trndnl 	1
Sunkanmi Bags New Endorsement Deal With “Brief Essentials”  	0
11th 11th at 11:00am on remembrance day 1 mi utes silence to honor our fallen who sacrificed for… 	0
Last picture of that #Saturday when I went to the Institut du Monde arabe  . . . #Art #IMA… 	0
I'm at Secret Recipe Manufacturing in Petaling Jaya, Selangor 	0
Dream wardrobe!! Simplify. From Gold Glow , minimal lines and trend style gave this winter… 	1
Happy 21st bday to the young lady who’s name I️ can’t remember. #21stbirthday #21savage #shocker… 	1
Slow stroll along the beach front with angiehelm27 seagull_helm and flashbang_flea . Slightly… 	0
#teaching #edchat #Teaching Music Teacher P/T ASAP 	1
Fly Like An Eagle by Steve Miller Band is #nowplaying in Duke of Wellington.	0
At @qmallbjb [pic] — 	0
I'm at Rolls Inn in Pune  	0
Youth is not a time of life It's a state of mind It's a matter oof will Quality of imagination… 	0
#safety #net #safetynet - we all struggle to achieve that safety net for ourselves, those close… 	0
Had the honour of providing sound and lighting for  Proud Horizons Awards Ceremony in… 	0
Lest we forget #armisticeday2017 🇬🇧We thank the brave men and women… 	1
Church of the Holy Sepulchre, where Jesus was said to have been nailed on the cross in one of… 	0
“Listen man, shit changed I came up from doing my thang Homey I'm… 	0
I'm at King Abdulaziz International Airport - @kaiairport in Jeddah, Makkah 	0
#primiballerini #teatrodellopera #bucharest #romania 💕☄🍀🔝 @ Romanian National Opera, Bucharest 	0
Without sleep 🙏🏻🙈😴 (@ Kamil Caddesi in İstanbul)  	0
#Egaylity | UK — Sam Smith's surprise wedding performance moves fans to tears 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Finance internship - Budapest -  #Finance #Budapest #Veterans #Job #Jobs	1
I hope that I can meet you @ Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 	1
Our latest string to our bow - Sound deaden your van for a great look and a quiet journey. Get in touch for prices 	1
I'm at McKinley Hill in Taguig City, Metro Manila 	0
#office | &lt;br/&gt; . #onmyphotographyshit #tyrataughtme @ Hollywood, California 	0
#newsinstore #onlineextremeshopmodena #extremeshopmodena #scotchandsoda @ ExtremeShop Modena 	0
HAPPY 9TH BIRTHDAY MY AJ ❗️❤️🎂 @ Oakland, California 	0
We were wondering where one of our choocks was laying her eggs 🥚. Think this lot will go to the… 	0
Recap | UK —   Where hackers haven't directly influenced polls, they've undermined our faith in democracy 	0
Daily dose of #photography. #gratin #gratindauphinois #homemade #food #yummy #behindthescenes… 	1
'Hornets' just started trending with 21089 tweets. More trends at  #trndnl	0
Recap | DK —   Science sector issues plea amid Brexit uncertainty - REGULATION in Scotland's multi-billion pound sc… 	0
Cebu's Taj Mahal..😊  #MyMiniMe 😍 #Day1of3 😎 @ Temple of Leah 	1
November wedding  flowers ....💜 @ Priory Cottages &amp; Wedding Venue 	1
Wind 0.0 km/h ---. Barometer 1015.14 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 4.6 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 93%	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Engineer Field Service II (semi) -  #SkilledTrade #Shanghai, Shanghai	1
Great to have the the_nutribar team's vibe, service &amp; warmth at 360 - Looking after Batman 😃💪🏼… 	1
I'm at Upwell in Bau, Sarawak 	0
I'm at P.F. Chang's in Dubai 	1
It's Remembrance Day today and I'll be honouring my favourite veteran- my beloved Grandpa Rocky… 	1
I'm at BEST AUTO WINDSCREEN SPECIALIST in puchong, MY-10 	0
On your radio!! Comment with your name for S/O or call in 016 933 0969 📻🎧🎤😉 @ VUT FM. 96.9 	1
This is how its going down.  @kayvokforce @kompaktrecordz #rapper #musiclab #singer #newmusic… 	1
I'm at SKS City Mall 	1
See our latest #RamonvilleSaintAgne, Occitanie #job and click to apply: Apprentissage Manufacturing H/F -  #Hiring	0
I'm at Shaikh Jaber Al-Ahmad Cultural Center 	0
I'm at Seaside in Las Pinas City, Metro Manila 	0
About to go and see the one and only @thebiancadelrio at Comedy Theatre with the husband… 	1
Just posted a photo @ Maritime Park and Spa Resort 	0
Lmao @ Sacramento, California 	0
Hands down by far the best chocolate cookie I've had in Taipei. So good, so buttery, and oh that… 	1
Finally, time to relax 🤘🏻 @ Beachfront, Elnido Palawan 	0
Want to work at UPS? We're #hiring in #Köln, NRW! Click for details:  #Sales #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
fc8cfc97ab2e26d2f3b3fed887467429717a0138b4f78897faeb1842b8cde1254f722410b75ccc339541b7f2ba3b5acfc4f59befe91f06ac8a931376a1dc0183a8339c000000	1
ว่ายน้ำ (@ Virgin Active EastVille) 	0
Interested in a #job in #Germany? This could be a great fit:  #Pharmaceutical #Hiring	0
@FloralBoom @Gardener_John Hope it stays fine for your visit Joanne 😘	1
temperature down 32°C -&gt; 31°C humidity up 51% -&gt; 56%	0
Bunch of winners 26-5 @ Molapo Crossing 	0
Just posted a photo @ The Venice Grand Canal Mall at McKinley Hill 	0
Lunch corner. @ Sofia the Gunawarman 	1
#butchersofinstagram #agedbeef #shorthorn   #Repost kaynethebutcher (get_repost) ・・・ Beautiful… 	0
I’ve just re read  even knowing the ending I was still in boy.  Today I shall remember IOF. @capnbobfrapples x	1
Tonight 🔥🔥🔥🔥 let's link up #Sm4lyf @ Nungua 	0
I'm at R7aal 	1
I'm at The Avenues in Kuwait City, Al Farwaniyah Governorate 	0
Le view. #JapanScenery #chachaLakwaCHAra #jafun2017🇯🇵  #IrisGarden @… 	1
♥️💙👰💃🕺🍸 @ Crabwall Manor Hotel and Spa 	0
Just posted a photo @ Lagos, Nigeria 	0
Date night with Wifie!!! @ V &amp; A Waterfront 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Process Engineer -  #Manufacturing Shanghai #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Indeed a strong man abdullahishehu15  🙌⚽🔥🇳🇬   #Repost @thenff (get_repost) ・・・ Iron Man… 	0
Today @ Tekke, Samsun, Turkey 	0
I'm at Campo Largo in PR 	0
This view 👌 @ Climaco Beach 	1
Wind 0.0 mph SSE. Barometer 30.076 in, Steady. Temperature 46.2 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 93%	1
Solo Cooking Class At its Best!!! Lamb Rack With Caponata!!!… 	0
I'm at Royal Agricultural Station Angkhang in Fang, Chiang Mai 	0
I'm at @Starbucks in Al Zour, Al Ahmadi 	0
My Saturday is filled with grading essays ✔ and lots of walks with this little guy 🐕… 	0
@Siveoc @Buseireann that's kells for ya	1
09:58 GMT: Temperature: 5.7°C, Wind: SSW, 3 mph (ave), 7 mph (gust), Humidity: 98%, Rain (hourly) 0.0 mm, Pressure: 1008 mb, rising slowly	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Technischer Einkauf (m/w) -  #Purchasing #CareerArc	1
#ekdilekjaan is now trending in #Pune   	1
Maison MargielaのBrushed jersey… Haunt	0
I'm at Recife - @prefrecife in PE 	1
An awesome campaign is going on (till… 	0
Trend Alert: #HGRonREAL. More trends at  #trndnl 	1
vokeywedges Pitching Masterclass prepped for my group this morning #coaching #golf #passion… 	0
Steps to safety child safety initiative by FORD(Keep Calm and Drive Safely) @ Auto Wings Ford 	0
Gathering Grill &amp; Chill ✅ 	1
97 Shit 🔥 @ Stage 48 	1
I'm at ADM Hera Club Residence 	1
My Grandfathers, uncles, daughter and I served this beloved country… 	0
Just posted a photo @ Antipolo, Rizal 	0
📈 "Levi" is trending today on Google Austria (1000+ searches) 	0
Recap | AM —   LGBT British Asians turning to sham marriages over fears of being disowned - The charity, which supp… 	0
Want to work at eHarmony? We're #hiring in #LosAngeles, CA! Click for details:  #IT #Job #Jobs	1
I'm at @CentralWorld in Pathum Wan, Bangkok 	0
Happy Weekend folks!  Enjoy those lashes &amp; tans 🤩 #weekendvibes #bebeautiful ##tanning #lashes… 	1
I'm at Johor Bahru City Square in Johor Bahru, Johor 	0
Esta noche a reventar Albacity. #metal #punk #hardcore @mentedevil en Who's Tommy 	0
BOOKS ARE OPEN BABES 📚💆🏾❤️ PICK YOUR POISON 😍MY BOOKS ARE OPEN ❤ #blaclgirlmagic✨ ISSA FRESH… 	0
At Home Coffe Studio — 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Global CEO Challenge 2018 - Italy, Spain,... -  #internship	1
Caracas: 5:51am: sunrise sunset will be at 5:31pm	0
RSD902! a nice streak saver in the cool morning! Now off to Drill Weekend with the Suncoast… 	1
3.58 mile #treadmill #run in 30 mins #cardio #exercise #gym #fitness #runner #running… 	0
The Altes Rathaus in #Pirmasens is a giant advent calendar getting… 	0
Bendigo Marketplace #BgoMarketplace is #nowplaying I Can't Go For That (No Can Do) by #Hall&amp;Oates #cubevenue	0
If you're looking for work in England, check out this #job:  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
If you're looking for work in England, check out this #job:  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Lest we forget #rememberthem @ Tantrum Beauty 	1
With Suryadi, Rise, and 3 others at Pondok Cilegon Indah — 	0
I'm at @TentenAlsancak in Konak 	1
I'm at @PalladiumAntky in Antakya, Hatay 	0
Lee's Pettiford passionate about photography  	1
"Your husband called. He said to order anything you want." 💋 •••• 1-RL024152  |   Wg: 34.87g   |… 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Independence, MO?  #Hospitality #Hiring	0
November 24 2017 #supanova #brisbane #cosplay #portrait #theflash #justiceleague  If you… 	0
#redcoat 💋👠📚🎭 #lastnight @ attica, The Department Store 	0
Chillaxin’ @ Bicester Village 	0
Media is a means of transforming society  @narendramodi @narendramodi_in 	1
333 watts. 19% Battery = 0.38kWh 	1
Colleyville Heritage claims its first-ever outright district title against Richland 	0
Interested in a #job in #HaleBarns, England? This could be a great fit:  #Healthcare #Hiring #CareerArc	0
See you guys at @undergroundbar1 in a few! @pejredor on guitar. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀… 	1
current weather in Vienna: broken clouds, 8°C 61% humidity, wind 7kmh, pressure 1015mb	0
👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹 Hey yo fam it's time to make my #SneakersCall With My… 	0
la vie en rose @ POOLTIME CAFE 	0
I'm at Academia Fitness by Fitness w/ @xdainfo @felipedelfs @pauloh_lisboa @matrix_felipe @fscarneiro000 	0
I'm at Aslam's Residence 	1
We have set up shop at #harboroughindoormarket today. Out &amp; about? Come say Hello 👋… 	1
193 watts. 19% Battery = 0.38kWh 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #SturgeonBay, WI?  #Sales #Hiring	0
nadyascakery 🎂 #SuperMan #Cake #BdayVibes #TamSpam #Love #HappyDays @ Nadya's Cakery 	0
London ✅ Cambridge ✅ Oxford ✅ &amp; cities up north ✅ • Best vacation ever. Safe to say my mind is… 	0
Come and have your cockles warmed at the Saxby's Cider Bar! Northampton Winter Food Festival @NptonFood  #weekend… 	0
temperature down 43°F -&gt; 39°F humidity up 87% -&gt; 93% wind 5mph -&gt; 7mph	0
CLM Leaders Present their Final Project in Australian College During TOT for Youth Courses in… 	0
current weather in Luanda: scattered clouds, 29°C 70% humidity, wind 2kmh, pressure 1011mb	0
Dressing Up this BadBoy..#interiorworks #design #fromyatchtoplane #work #planeonterior… 	0
1st batch (cat not… 	0
Heroes are ordinary people who make themselves extraordinary.... #mema @ Makati 	0
Want to work in #SaintPaul, MN? View our latest opening:  #MSP #Hospitality #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
At Grand Ball Room ~ Hotel Indonesia — 	0
Carrefour: 5:54am: sunrise sunset will be at 5:12pm	0
I'm at Starbucks Drive Thru in Johor Bahru, Johor 	0
I'm at Train Night Market Srinakarin in Prawet, Bangkok w/ @sxmso__ 	0
Short vacation	1
I'm at Kings &amp; i Restaurant in Melaka, Malaysia  	0
Incident on #Bxm6Bus from 5th Avenue: 57th Street to 5th Avenue: 23rd Street 	0
I'm at Hilltown in Maltepe, İstanbul 	0
#prost @ San Diego, California 	1
DISTURBANCE - PRIORITY at 8700 BLOCK OF N LOMBARD ST, PORTLAND, OR [Portland Police #PP17000372104] 02:45 #pdx911	0
Must be my lucky day. Met the GOD of Fortune Disco jig at the Grand Opening of G Lounge Series… 	1
early birds @UrbStetchLondon @urbansketchers  #USkGlobal24hrSketchwalk today we are iwmlondon -… 	1
Weekend Reaction: St. Pius, Cypress Christian &amp; Second Baptist Dominate District 	0
Wind 1.1 km/h WSW. Barometer 1016.4 mb, Falling slowly. Temperature 30.6 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 64%	1
11/11@06:00 - Temp 22.5F, WC 22.5F. Wind 0.1mph NW, Gust 2.0mph. Bar 30.618in, Rising slowly. Rain 0.00in. Hum 67%. UV 0.0. SolarRad 0.	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #SanAntonio, TX?  #Hiring	0
adidas Nemeziz Ultraboost Tango 17+ 360 Agility | Now available online, priced at £170. Shop now:… 	0
Updated: Closure on #NewJerseyTurnpike NB from Inner and Outer Roadway Merge to North of Interchange 14 - I-78/US...	0
#StyleSaturday: Marseille, France (October 2009) Recommended 📚: “32 Yolks: From My Mother's… 	0
Updated: Construction on #I280 WB from Exit 15 - NJ 21 to Exit 13 - Orange St/1st St 	0
current weather in Tunis: scattered clouds, 19°C 55% humidity, wind 8kmh, pressure 1014mb	0
broken clouds -&gt; clear sky temperature down 29°C -&gt; 28°C humidity down 43% -&gt; 36%	0
READY TO MOVE AND ROAD TOUCH AT #Jaitala ROAD ....#Nagpur #2BHK #Apartment #Flat #ForSale #Residential #Property 	0
Weekend lunch .. #Maggi #weekend #weekendvibes✌️ #lunchtime #kolkatadiaries #instagram… 	1
Another fatty @ Fuerteventura, Canarias, Spain 	0
'Taylor Swift' just started trending with 202338 tweets. More trends at  #trndnl	0
sitting pretty 😇 @ Huntington Beach, California 	1
Happy Saturday in @finesouvenir gallery 😍  Order via transfer or visit our gallery Open everyday… 	0
clear sky -&gt; mist temperature down 59°F -&gt; 55°F humidity up 77% -&gt; 87% wind 2mph -&gt; 3mph	0
I'm at @McDonalds_br in Parnamirim, RN 	0
The other one I haven't seen in a while &amp; glad that I managed to catch @maroengel here at… 	0
The Caxixi #crescentmooncafe #blogger #educator @ Crescent Moon Cafe and Studio Pottery 	0
At the BFI Southbank’s for THE BIG THRILL #filmlife @ Royal Festival… 	1
Break a leg, #ChittyOfManila! 🤗 @ Newport Performing Arts Theater At Resorts World Manila 	1
I'm at Sentimental Friends in Ratchathewi, Bangkok 	0
This place serves farm to table chicken, and it takes around 2 hours for your lunch to arrive.… 	0
Ghost Town stopover ⚠️ #jairustravels @ Yermo, California 	0
After the race then comes pictures hahahaha   Twas nice seeing some familiar faces… 	1
Darling,  I fall to pieces when I’m with you en Las Rozas Village 	1
Shame it’s not a couple of degrees warmer 	0
I'm at De Monas Cafe in Kuching, Sarawak 	0
I'm at Essen in North Rhine-Westphalia 	1
I'm at @Lovelet_Outlet in Samsun 	1
Yes. We have natural nails too ♥️ #IssaGoldBone @ Katlehong, Gauteng 	1
New haircut. 😷👦 @ Lipa Medix Medical Center 	1
If you're looking for work in #Brussels, check out this #job:  #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Today Squad from Bandung #eccworship #nxgconf @ GBI Gilgal Center PIK 	0
bbf39a6a00pE19AB	1
Accident, left lane blocked in #NwSide on Lp 410 EB at Callaghan #traffic 	0
I'm at @FuturePark in Thanyaburi, Pathum Thani 	0
I'm at Mahasa Villa 	1
Grilled &amp; breaded fish at the market - mega lunch (vino e birra incoming). @ Bologna, Italy 	0
I'm at Heatons in Cavan 	1
Explore India’s first Oxygen Chamber in Gurgaon!!  . O2 Chamber spread over 13,000 sq ft and… 	1
We had lunch with the tapirs, we also discovered that Germany needs to be introduced to hotdog… 	0
temperature down 26°F -&gt; 24°F humidity up 42% -&gt; 45% wind 14mph -&gt; 13mph	0
The highly-awarded groverzampa #vineyards #karnataka celebrates 25 years of making #wine in… 	1
Read n laff @ Ogun, Nigeria 	0
Roof tops illusion from the brilliant set for #youngmarx _bridgetheatre @ The Bridge Theatre 	1
#GameDayAtTheU #canesfam #west13 @ University of Miami 	0
I'm at AEON Bandar Dato' Onn Shopping Centre in Johor Bahru, Johor 	0
F e e d A C o l d ::: I hope I've got the saying right - feed a cold, starve a fever? This is… 	0
Recording Today @ 2Fly Studios 	1
#English Breakfast Set for my Brunch... @ d' Good Café 	0
Drinking a Pacific Ale by @Stoneandwood at @macleodeagles — 	0
A pre @glaswhiskyfest beer - Drinking a Falling Star by @WickwarBrewing @ The Weavers  — 	0
I'm at @eVent_Cinemas in Brisbane, QLD w/ @its473x 	0
@rankinphoto 'naked' exhibition kunsthuisamsterdam as featured in vogueitalia @bluebellvmw by… 	0
Never Forget #LavenaJohnson #rip #soldier #sexassault #rape #murder #army #iraq #coverup #lies @… 	0
Just one more hour, Miss Paris, then you can go home and sleep!   #Fitness #EverydayIGetBETTER… 	0
Nice weather for #running 18 km done ✅ #happy #saturday #weekend #family #enjoy #training… 	0
It's very cold... but I'm happy to join it:-)  #independenceday #nice #poznan #poland… Poznaniu	0
clear sky -&gt; scattered clouds temperature up 6°C -&gt; 13°C humidity down 87% -&gt; 76% wind 1kmh -&gt; 2kmh	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: RN - Critical Care -  #ECU #BrodySOM #Nursing #Kinston, NC	1
Lovely things that are catching my eye at #handmadechelsea, folded paper by #fungandbedford,… 	1
Yes where Open this weekend !Drop by for  placement test and enrollment .Ask about discounts.… 	0
It's that DAY  P M A all the way . . . #saturday #saturyay #yay #oneday #pma #positivity #girl… 	0
Cleared: Incident on #CoastLine at Newark Penn Station	1
Kendall: 6:36am: sunrise sunset will be at 5:33pm	0
⒈ Golan Heights ⒉ Lebanon ⒊ Palestinians ⒋ World Cup ⒌ Saudi ⒍ #MeToo ⒎ Assad ⒏ Netanyahu ⒐ #fintech ⒑ Egypt  2017/… 	0
I'm at Fabricca Break Cafe in İstanbul 	1
current weather in Amherst Center: clear sky, 18°F 52% humidity, wind 10mph, pressure 1032mb	0
Accident, right lane blocked on I-10 WB between I-310 and I-55 Merge, stop and go traffic back to I-310, delay of 30 mins #traffic #NOLA	0
Weekend treats &amp; #coffee @melibaklava @SheratonCentre #bestbaklavaintoronto #melibaklava… 	0
I'm at Eski Cafe w/ @senaceylan 	0
overcast clouds -&gt; broken clouds temperature down 67°F -&gt; 66°F wind 11mph -&gt; 10mph	0
daily routine (@ Starbucks Coffee in City of Santa Rosa, Laguna) 	0
Watching Law &amp; Order SVU &amp; I was just wondering over the years #Bensons #Adopted son #Noah looks… 	0
Situation 💍💕💐 	0
Test roasting today... @ Great Coffee Risteri, Detail og kaffebar 	1
Here comes warmth ☀️☀️☀️ @ Wallops Flight Facility 	0
Just posted a photo @ WARUNG TALAGA 	0
8:45am: sunrise sunset will be at 3:35pm	0
Basic. 💁‍♀️👑💅🏻  📸 by: @maryannsy  • • • • • #travelfactor #weknowadventure #backpacking… 	1
At @cinema21 [pic] — 	0
I'm at @Pendik_belediye in Istanbul 	1
With POPPY at @soloparagonmall — 	1
Trend Alert: #Armistice. More trends at  #trndnl 	1
Trend Alert: #PromotingEnterprise. More trends at  #trndnl 	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: HR Coordinator -  #cocacola #HR #Lansing, MI #Hiring	0
The tweet with the most impact of the #PromotingEnterprise Trend, was published by @Gidi_Traffic:  (284 RTs) #trndnl	0
What a month to give up eating chocolate #chocolateheaven @… 	1
Happy Veterans Day to these two brave Navy sailors. Dr. Clifton Wood and Mr. J. W. Webb (aka… 	1
Shak drawing in Sok San village #🇰🇭- Holiday goals #✔️ @4thewhy… 	0
With Dr. Dau, came to visit us here at IIUM @ IIUM 	0
Join our CrossFit Kids every Saturday at 09:00! Ages 4-9. +25340271 | Address: 9 Shakespeare str… 	0
Wind 1.1 km/h WSW. Barometer 1016.7 mb, Steady. Temperature 30.6 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 64%	1
Wind 2,5 km/h SSE. Barometer 1017,8 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 8,1 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 84%	1
Temp 13.1°C, Humidity 60%, Barometer 1013.3mb and Falling. Wind 0.0km/h ---. Rain last hour/today 0.0mm/0.0mm.	0
11/11/2017 - 06:00 Temp: 30.4F   Hum:  96% Wind: 0.0 mph Baro: 30.323in. &amp; Falling Rain: 0.00 in. 	0
AREA CHECK at 1700 BLOCK OF NE MULTNOMAH ST, PORTLAND, OR [Portland Police #PP17000372144] 03:56 #pdx911	0
✌ Week in pictures: 4 - 10 November 2017 - 	1
I hope I don't die today 😂 #cardio #cardiNo  . . .  bodybuilding_humour  -  I'm gassed bro  -… 	1
Ready to move #2BHK #Apartment in Asset Lifespace, #Kochi #Flat #ForSale #Tripunithura #Residential #Property 	0
#thumbholes and swish... Loving my hoodie from keenandsocial  #BackInVirginia in salon at… 	0
at 6:00am: few clouds -&gt; scattered clouds wind 2kmh -&gt; 1kmh	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Gurgaon?  #Marketing #Hiring	1
@FaujiLineage MQM hs a different definition of shuhada than us bro. @Flyingtastic	0
7am: Mostly Cloudy it's -7.9C. - Feels: -13C / 8.6F] - Wind: N 12km/h - Barometer: 103.8 kPa ^ - Visibility: 24.1km… 	0
I'm at @Megabangna in Bang Phli, Changwat Samut Prakan 	1
I'm at @Cineleisure Orchard in Singapore 	1
I'm at SM Mall of Asia - @themallofasia in Pasay City, Metro Manila 	0
Praise to Allah, everything went well. Selamat pengantin baru Alep… 	1
337 watts. 20% Battery = 0.4kWh 	1
#winchester #getoutside @ Winchester, Hampshire 	0
I just finished running 10.01 km in 1h:29m:35s with #Endomondo #endorphins 	0
I'm at Everrise Departmental Store 	1
Six pack coming soonnnnn @ Central World เซ็นทรัลเวิร์ด 	0
📝Be a self-sufficient young man. Continuing to rely on the parents make yourself get into… 	0
Want to sell anything with an image that will help sell it faster, more exposure and something… 	1
The Brackla distillery was built in 1812 by Captain William Fraser of Brackla house on the… 	0
Policeman to attend London service  #Birmingham 	0
@realdonaldtrump How about you take a page out of Spicys book and quit! 56.448 = disapproval rate #SORRYNOTSORRY	0
I’m honestly so happy right now ~ not just because of the giant carrot cake I’ve just bought ~… 	1
Want to sell anything with an image that will help sell it faster, more exposure and something… 	1
Going local. @ Osaka 	1
Tashkent: 5:06pm: sunset	0
My babies...  ❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍😊😊😊 #guineapiglove #guineapigs #guineapigsofinstagram #thepiggiepile… 	0
Her and her sink yesterday... now she's claimed the downstairs too!… 	1
"Life begins each morning." -Joel Olsteen . . I am so excited about this day! I love adventure… 	1
🎼 Try if you want Can't stop me Lie if you want Still won't move… 	1
More #godscountry @ Hsinchu, Taiwan 	0
Good morning #Indiana! Sun will rise in 30 minutes (local time 07:19) #Sunrise #Photo #Photography [11.11.2017]	1
Saturday morning workflow! @ Brotherton's Black Iron Barbecue 	1
7:13am: sunrise sunset will be at 5:14pm	0
#mtb @ Rincine Trail Area 	0
Just posted a photo @ Sulyap Café, Boutique Hotels &amp; Restaurant 	0
Witchgrinder performing live at Enigma Bar #Witchgrinder #industrialthrashmetal #aussiemetal @… 	0
I'm at Rancho Kokonto  	1
Lovely in the forest today. @ Mount Toolebewong 	1
We looked quite fetching in the #bgtcmyrobot goggles at… 	0
current weather in Covington: clear sky, 24°F 73% humidity, wind 3mph, pressure 1033mb	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Server -  #milspouse #workingmoms #CustomerService	1
If someone yells 'who's a good boy' it's definitely not me.... #tot #saturdaze #islay… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Sloatsburg, NY? This could be a great fit:  #barista #Barista #Starbucks #Hiring	0
Busy with work? More like online shopping 😂 all thanks to you Singles Day 🥂 @ Al Reem Island 	1
Never forget!!! #remeberenceday #eleven #november #poppy #soldiers @ England 	1
Lest We Forget  #whyknot   519-500-5668  . . . . . . . . . #knotsrmt #knots… 	0
#TOGETHER #JUNTOS # TEAMSPIRT #ESPIRITUDEQUIPO #CARNICERIA @ Madrid, Spain 	0
'Donald Trump' just started trending with 211582 tweets. More trends at  #trndnl	0
308 watts. 19% Battery = 0.38kWh 	1
temperature up 22°C -&gt; 24°C humidity down 68% -&gt; 60%	0
After flight reward (@ Starbucks IBIS HOTEL - @starbucksvie in Ho Chi Minh City)  	0
Nov 11 UV index forecast for Jackson is 4 (moderate)	0
I'm at @GameStopDach in Hamburg 	1
I'm at Saloon Nargile Cafe w/ @beytullahatesci 	0
Wind 0.0 km/h ---. Barometer 1014.0 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 15.1 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 59%	1
🕊🏇 en Getafe, Madrid 	0
@NSelkie @kaitlancollins That's the one! "The Official Kabinet". 	1
I'm at The Beanery (New Building) in Balanga City, Bataan 	0
Me &amp; My girls ❤️❤️#purejoy #supergottsupersnabbt #influencers @… 	0
Palm Sunday 1998 💗 #bringbackdadsmoustache #throwback #sannine #dhourchoueir #siblings #nofilter… 	0
Banding's Little Chefs! #kidscookingshow #happyus @ Mount Banahaw 	1
I'm at Laundrybar Self-service Coin Laundry in Shah Alam, Selangor 	0
Back in the US. Heading home (@ Port Of Miami - Carnival Cruise in Miami, FL) 	1
Yummy meal and fun night with the work peeps during our 4the Fun of… 	1
Pekin: 6:41am: sunrise sunset will be at 4:43pm	0
temperature down 44°F -&gt; 42°F humidity up 70% -&gt; 75% wind 9mph -&gt; 8mph	0
I'm at Parking Lot 	1
Knowledge is power 💡 @ Sheffield Hallam University 	0
... and I ain't rocking no more designer sh*t #Nike #Cortez...🎼 @… 	0
Fla-min-go - get the pronunciation right. #Salmon #scallops #chefspecial… 	1
Game day 🏉❤️🏉. 'We shall never forget them' #waterloo #bleedgreen… 	1
Upto 44% Off Hair Services at Headtrip Salon 	0
Up to 47% Off at EuropeanChic Nails &amp; Hair 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Restaurant Assistant Manager -  #parttime #Restaurantlife #Fayetteville, NC	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Westminster, MA?  #Manufacturing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
#Top3Apps for #JudoOpen2017  Twitter for Android 37% Twitter for iPhone 33% Twitter Web Client 24%	0
Its Kats 30th and Tinkerbass birthday its going to be a spacial one for us Vagabonds 🎂💚🍸 come… 	0
Want to work in #Boston, MA? View our latest opening:  #Marketing #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
Go Kart 🏎️🏍️ @ Burnham Park 	0
current weather in Chimalhuacan: mist, 9°C 81% humidity, wind 3kmh, pressure 1027mb	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Registered Nurse - RN -  #Nursing #Weaverville, NC #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Want to work at The Cheesecake Factory? We're #hiring in #Buford, GA! Click for details:  #Host #Veterans #Job #Jobs	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Pharmacist - Long Term Care -  #Pharmacist #Perrysburg, OH #Hiring	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: COB &amp; Crisis Management Analyst / Recovery Coordinator - 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Louisville, KY?  #SupplyChain #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Want to work in #Paducah, KY? View our latest opening:  #Labor #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Interested in a #job in #SimiValley, CA? This could be a great fit:  #Healthcare #Hiring	0
#breakingnews @DamndirtyNL #cover #frontpage #dj #magazine #poland djsmagazine #promo #interview… 	0
If you're looking for work in #Kokomo, IN, check out this #job:  #BusinessMgmt #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at Italian Connection in Munich, Germany 	1
@88Gsp @tuf2beme @geeanem @jewelsking_king @Marg1010 @MCal54 @MrSmiith_ Very welcome Gary, fantastic sky 😘	1
Popular Rapper, 2Shotz Ummunamo Exposed By His 19 Years Old Wife For Cheating With A White Woman… 	0
If you're looking for work in #Sterling, VA, check out this #job:  #SkilledTrade #Hiring #CareerArc	0
New time 10am -12pm EST for #be100africa watch us live on FACEBOOK @ BE100 Radio Fan Page. Also… 	0
Write your hurts in the sand, carve your blessings in stone. 🌸🙏🏻 @ Nonna 	0
Touch and go session. #instarighthandpattern #downwindrwy32 @… 	1
SATURDAY night juice 🕺 😉 em Four Mile Beach Port Douglas 	0
Join the IQVIA team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Brighton, England #Hiring #CareerArc	1
The hotel bar is actually an Irish bar! (@ The Murphy’s Irish Pub in Amphoe Kathu, Phuket Eyaleti) 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Pharmacy Technician-Grape Road, Mishawaka, IN -  #Pharmaceutical #Mishawaka, IN #Job	1
Interested in a #job in #Windham, CT? This could be a great fit:  #Sales #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Wonder if I'll ever get sick of this 🤔 @ Lima, Peru 	0
current weather in Queretaro: haze, 15°C 67% humidity, wind 4kmh, pressure 1027mb	0
Interested in a #job in #Richmond, VA? This could be a great fit:  #KellyJobs #KellyServices #Pharmaceutical	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Selector, Formula (Baltimore) -  #Baltimore, MD #Hiring #CareerArc	0
😍😍😍😍 #muscat #oman #kingsunitedmuscat  #day2 @ Thrissur 	0
@denniswan Really!?	1
Days like this are heaven 💛 thepearl_marrakech @ The Pearl Marrakech 	0
12:57 GMT: temperature 9.2°C, humidity 93%, wind N 1.4 mph ave, 4.5 mph gust, rain 0.4 mm/hr, pressure 1011 hPa ris… 	0
Join the Manulife team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Sales #Vancouver, BC #Hiring	1
#Trabajo alerta: Dishwasher - Restaurant Team Member | Boston Market | #Orlando, FL  #FastCasual #Contratar	0
Mashhad: 4:25pm: sunset	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Team Class A CDL Owner Operator, Drop &amp; Hook, Truck Driver -  #Hiring	1
Been hunting Indiana for the past 5 years and had a few chances at a few bigger deer but I am so… 	0
Smile more it looks great on you ❤️. #smilemore #beyourownkindofbeautiful #beyourselfalways @… 	1
Want to work at OfficeTeam? We're #hiring in NJ! Click for details:  #CustomerService #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Early but true. @ Ohio Basketball Club 	1
It’s that time of year that I’m so THANKFUL that I don’t have to leave the house to get in my… 	0
29% Off One Blowout at Drybar - Austin 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Data Quality Analyst I - West Falmouth or Lewiston -  #BusinessMgmt #Hiring	1
@rickrockbeats I never cared about my neighbors anyway.    #rickrock #rickrockbeats… 	0
Want to work at QUALITY AUTOMOTIVE SVC? We're #hiring in #HighPoint, NC! Click for details:  #entrylevel #Automotive	1
Interested in a #job in #Butler, PA? This could be a great fit:  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	1
We've got the rugby on upstairs this afternoon, England will be taking on Argentina from 3pm.… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Toronto, ON?  #InvestmentBanking #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Shift Supervisor -  #Manufacturing #Vineland, NJ #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Want to work in #FortWayne, IN? View our latest opening:  #PlasticSurgery #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Want to work in #Angola, IN? View our latest opening:  #FacilitiesMgmt #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Want to work in #Jacksonville, FL? View our latest opening:  #SupplyChain #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I'm at Pizza Hut (PHD) in Batu Caves, Selangor 	0
We just started 📍	0
I'm at The LaKe 	1
Huntington Station NY Sat Nov 11th AM Forecast: TODAY Sunny Hi 39 TONIGHT Mostly Cloudy Lo 29	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Help Desk Technician -  #CustomerService #Tampa, FL #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
The perfume mininI am wearing now: Alien by @ManfredTMugler @Mugler #alien #scentofawoman… 	0
Pine Air NY Sat Nov 11th AM Forecast: TODAY Sunny Hi 39 TONIGHT Partly Cloudy Lo 29	0
When you go and pick your car up again 😍😂 my car looks amazing again… 	1
keep wandering 🌏 @ Gardens by the Bay 	0
It’s the weekend!! Any plans?? #ozensalonandspaofaustin #comeseeussoon #weloveourclients @ Ozen… 	1
keep wandering 🌏 @ Gardens by the Bay 	0
Want to work at Chartwells K-12? We're #hiring in #Morganton, NC! Click for details:  #Marketing #Job #Jobs	1
Top Thai Royal Aide Sacked For ‘Evil Behaviour’	0
FARMING MATTERS: New domestic policy can help farmers  #Northants 	0
Meet Lana!  Year: Freshman Major: Criminal Justice with a Chemistry minor Dream Job: Criminal… 	1
#Bask around lovely coves &amp; blue flag beaches-#travel to L’Ametlla de Mar #Spain fishing town 	1
Here for deantrbl #deantrbl #deantrblinbkk @ DEAN live in BKK 	0
I'm at Cafe Cafe in Kuching, Sarawak 	0
Tree attacks temple @ Angkor Wat, Siem Reap Cambodia 	0
My egg plants  Small - med - large!  Hahahahaha 💜 #talongisharthart… 	1
Join the Cornerstone team! See our latest #job opening here:  #IT #WestChester, OH #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Interested in a #job in #VirginiaBeach, VA? This could be a great fit:  #Clerical #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Charlotte, NC?  #Marketing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Closed due to road construction in #Miami on 95 Express NB from Downtown Miami Entrance to Miami Gardens Dr #SFLtraffic	0
Just posted a photo @ Drumstix Food and Investment, Abuja 	0
Jamestown RI Sat Nov 11th AM Forecast: TODAY Sunny Hi 35 TONIGHT Partly Cloudy Lo 21	0
Cheers! (@ Little Island Brewing Co. - @libcbeer in Singapore) 	1
If you don’t know my pain, you will never understand my praise . . . . #Church #sundayvibes… 	0
#MrHilarity on my way back to the D. #MorningHilarity @ Avon, Ohio 	0
We're into decorating with things that makes us think of happy moments.  This vintage Grand… 	1
Ferocious Dog doing an intimate acoustic gig at The Shed, Leicester.  Amazing gig, absolutely… 	0
Just posted a photo @ Metropolitan Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception 	0
If you're looking for work in #SimiValley, CA, check out this #job:  #Healthcare #Hiring	0
Want to work in #Middleton, MI? View our latest opening:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Cabling Manager (Government) -  #BusinessMgmt #Columbia, MD #Hiring	1
Happy Veteran's Day to all of my brothers and sisters in arms. Your sacrifice for our Country… 	1
7:16am: sunrise sunset will be at 5:04pm	0
Morning hike, and found this place.   Taken by: @asriel86   #annapurna #trekking #circuit… 	1
gotta love an early morning flight to LA ✈️ @ Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport 	0
National Concert hall Tonight for myself as the City of London Sinfonia is in Dublin Town 🎶🎹🎺🎻🎶	0
Come get your shop on during our HOLIDAY OPEN HOUSE TODAY! Enjoy refreshments while you shop.… 	0
The sheep grazing on West Malvern. 🐑   . . .#lamb #wool #nature #farm #love #animal #cute… 	1
#jdrfbourbon #jdrfswohio @ Duke Energy Convention Center 	0
I need you, please you RT this info  	0
Interested in a #job in #Taylor, MI? This could be a great fit:  #parttime #Cashier #Veterans #Hiring #CareerArc	0
its beeen a looonggg twymee (@ Alamanda Shopping Centre in Putrajaya, WP Putrajaya) 	0
@therealsteavis @jonalty Need to set up a test series every year can’t miss out on this	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Ripley, WV?  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Nov 11 UV index forecast for Sioux Falls is 2 (low)	0
Achievements of an organisation are the results of combined efforts of every individual. #future… 	0
#dinnertime @ SM CDO Downtown Premier 	0
I'm at @PiazzaAvym in Samsun 	1
Do you wanna buy something right here? 😌🙄  #imnotforsaletho #saturday #foundanewmuraltoday #lol… 	1
Want to work at CVS Health? We're #hiring in #Apopka, FL! Click for details:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
At 8:00 AM, 4 NNE Iron Mountain [Dickinson Co, MI] CO-OP OBSERVER reports SNOW of 1.80 INCH #MQT 	0
Join the Henley Enterprises team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Automotive #Waltham, MA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I'm at Arabica % 	1
See our latest #Livingston, NJ #job and click to apply: Registered Nurse (RN) Labor &amp; Delivery FT Evening... - 	0
Little #frog in the garden. #lovenature #frog #animal #bali #sanur #naturerules #nature… 	1
I'm at Esra&amp;İlker Home &lt;3 	1
Pretending to be ok its not easy😊 @ Dusun Bambu Family Leisure Park… 	0
This is everything! @scotch_official 🐆leopard  🐆 V E L V E T blazer 🐆 @ What Sarah did. 	1
She is so beautiful just showing enough of herself for me to see over the land where sand and… 	1
#saturday #morning #thought @ Kingston, Ontario 	0
I was out cycling 19.02 miles with #Endomondo #endorphins 	0
Murder on the Orient express - because what a cast!  And what a moustache! #kenbranagh (at @CineMecUtrecht) 	1
Waxing 80s nostalgia after working @KaelDDurin show yesterday. Crimped to the max. #fbf… 	1
Watching the Promise here - #horroraddicted (@ Golden Screen Cinemas (GSC) - @gscinemas) 	0
If you're looking for work in #Orlando, FL, check out this #job:  #Hospitality #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at The snowcap bingsoo in Yan Nawa, Bangkok 	0
Honeymoon 2017 #fayteresa2017  #puzzlepiecelife @ Grand Cayman 	0
Hmmm..whose nearby? 😂 #BantayanIsland	1
@instant_pickup x corporateliga with the family juwonloofficial oministiches @therealnicsi_ @… 	0
The Homeless Jesus lies in front of Christ Church Cathedral. “The foxes have their dens and the… 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Research Contract Financial Coordinator -  #Finance #Bethesda, MD #Job #Jobs	1
Just posted a photo @ Mitchies Jetty, Merimbula 	0
Quiet couple. (@ Molly Rigbys in Burnley)  	1
Here Comes The Night Time by Arcade Fire is #nowplaying in Vera's On The Drive, Vancouver.	0
molly_bigfluff #saturdaymorning #shelovesthisweather #exploring… 	0
Get your gob round this bad boy #texanburger #ABF #lunch @ Art Bar Funkel 	0
Tomorrow ... Party time @ JYSK Disco Theme party 😎😎 #partytime #partydokonca #sarajevo… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Danville, IL?  #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at Boho Haus in Amman w/ @dalalaltoura 	0
If you're looking for work in #Middletown, NY, check out this #job:  #SONIC #Hospitality #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Just posted a photo @ De Oude Huize Yard Guest House 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Orangeburg, SC?  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
See our latest #Orlando, FL #job and click to apply: Shift-Leader -  #Hospitality #Hiring #CareerArc	0
first game @ 4..lets get it !	1
Just posted a photo @ Weight Watchers Wilson Yards 	0
Ikhosatana The Movie Dropping soon on mzansimagic by leburugraphy currently shot in Swaziland 🇸🇿… 	0
What a day! ☀️ @ Agra, Uttar Pradesh 	1
Am keeping my spriritual favour in him Lord of Glory..Mercy.. Till i glorify,i… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Staff RN - Post Anesthesia Care (PACU) (Contingent) - 	1
Join the RGIS team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Retail #Providence, RI #Hiring	1
Lord, thank You for letting me enjoy this precious gift You have given me!😘😘 I may not be the… 	1
#NewMusic #Produced by @farrojarromusic #WhyHate #YeaBitch written and performed by Khing Jus… 	0
I'm at @MonoCafe Restaurant in Sakarya w/ @naradaaam 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Orrville, OH?  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Seasonal Freight Associate (Early Morning) -  #Retail	1
If you're looking for work in #Buffalo, NY, check out this #job:  #Hospitality #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I was out cycling 9.37 km with #Endomondo #endorphins 	1
dinner😂😂😂 #Myfamily #lovelovelove @ Absolute Thai Malaysia 	0
I'm at Fitness &amp; SPA | Starlight Resort in Manavgat w/ @dgs198805 	0
#Wake #Pray #Sip #Slay  Wake up early. Pray Daily. Drinking coffee. Do Hair. Repeat.  Imma just… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Livingston, NJ?  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Excited to try my new kicks this morning!  Shop local!  Love Runologie!  #localstore #runologie… 	1
WE GOT YOUR LOCATION FROM YOUR DEVICE	0
“ Everywhare you go through, grows you “ @ Bangkok, Thailand 	1
I'm at Extrabom in Recife, PE 	0
🚨 @khrizyangel ‼️TONIGHT‼️@plaehouston 🚨 🙌🏾 hosted by @PKA_Deshaunk @thatsnotorious @khrizyangel… 	0
We loved all the places in our top seven destinations for many different reasons but the places… 	1
An experiment in the kitchen - pears with orange zest &amp; honey add as topper to our Date &amp;… 	0
Today my beautiful little sister gets married and we gain”er” a brother (see what I did there?)… 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? PRN Speech Language Pathologist - Three Rivers, MI -  #Healthcare #Hiring	1
#sinful Black Magic &amp; Firework over black abergavennyhighflyer @ Inspired Natural Nails, Spray… 	0
Accident, left lane blocked in #Bklyn:OnTheB.q.e. on I-278 EB at Atlantic Ave, stop and go traffic back to Hamilton Ave, delay of 4 mins	0
Unite The League.. #justiceleague #comiccon #unitetheleague #batman #flash #wonderwoman #cyborg… 	1
#Coventry City v Mansfield Town  #Warwickshire 	0
Interested in a #job in England? This could be a great fit:  #Labor #Hiring #CareerArc	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Garment Sorter -  #cintasjobs #Manufacturing #MacombTownship, MI #Hiring	0
NYC #GirlbossRally!! (@ Industria Superstudio in New York, NY) 	1
A #curry #lunch at #samys today #delicious @ Samy's Curry 	0
New fans 🤨 Gotta run them for 10 mins to break them in.  To the tune for ‘Jerry was a race car… 	0
Chloe’s bday 🥂🥂 @ Garden Halls 	0
🎥 (@ Souq Sharq in Kuwait City, Alexandria Governorate) 	0
The cake last night suregoodsweets still has all of us talking 💕. #ledouxit #suregoodsweets… 	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Project Analyst II - Dodd Frank -  #ProjectMgmt #MtLaurel, NJ #Hiring	0
That song kept running around in her head. Straight out of Compton. And the samurai she saw in a… 	0
Want to work in #Bakersfield, CA? View our latest opening:  #Energy #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Make this your new home. Just Listed   #nexthomeintegrityfirst #nexthome #whosnext… 	1
temperature up 23°F -&gt; 25°F humidity down 85% -&gt; 73%	0
Charlie Brown 😍 @coldplay #ColdplayLA #Coldplay #California #Xylobands #Lights #Glowing #USA… 	0
#VeteransDay #Sacrifice #freedomisnotfree🇺🇸 #ThankYou @ Marlborough Court house 	0
You got me mesmerized 😍 @ Mt. Maynoba 	0
🕚Its finally time to pick up one of my anticipated read for this year. ❤️I’m also super glad to… 	1
I'm at Cantina See 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Office Supply Delivery Driver -  #Transportation #Hamden, CT #Hiring	0
I'm at Ria Automobile w/ @mark_jiejy 	0
Want to work at Citi Trends? We're #hiring in #Roanoke, VA! Click for details:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Boston, MA?  #parttime #LineCook #Cook #Veterans #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Months of preparation, combined with a full time job and grad school.. the day is FINALLY here!!… 	1
Thanks To Yawe For An Extraordinary 💪Strength💪 #Bestowed on me. 🙌 Today's #Aerobics Exercise Was… 	0
🍁weekend wash🍁 #forestbathing #tendertouch @ East Hampton , New York 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Driver Helper -  #Transportation #Glenwood, IA #Hiring #CareerArc	0
On tour haha (at @FitnessFirstMe in Dubai) 	1
#oilchange #tirerotation #toyota #highlander (at @JoeMyersToyota in Jersey Village, TX) 	0
Lest we forget  . . . . #explorecanada #canada #canada150 #cbcmanitoba #wpg #wpgnow #winnipeg… 	0
If you're looking for work in #Naples, FL, check out this #job:  #CustomerService #Hiring #CareerArc	0
See our latest #SheboyganFalls, WI #job and click to apply: Electro-Mechanical Technician Part TIme... -  #CPG	0
Grabbing some OT (@ Codilis &amp; Associates in Willowbrook, IL) 	0
There's art in angles, and angles in art. View from my mat this morning at #yoga. @milwaukeeart… 	1
Traveling to see family. @ftwskills pennypackmo #familyfirst #familygoals… 	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: RN Case Manager + $5K Sign On Bonus -  #Nursing #Flint, MI #Hiring	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Lead Cashier -  #Retail #Marlton, NJ	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Team Class A CDL Owner Operator, Drop &amp; Hook, Truck Driver -  #Hiring	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: System Engineer -  #Sales #Orlando, FL #CareerArc	1
current weather in Flagstaff: clear sky, 43°F 56% humidity, wind 7mph, pressure 1019mb	0
If you're looking for work in #KansasCity, MO, check out this #job:  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Environmental Services Aide (Housekeeper) -  #Hospitality #Austin, TX #Job #Jobs	1
#petzluktour in full swing - Join us on the Cafe floor to try your dynamic belaying… 	1
Want to work at CHI? We're #hiring in #Omaha, NE! Click for details:  #Healthcare #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Recap | NAM —   Thor: Ragnaroks' Hidden LGBTQ Superhero! - It has been my entire life that I'm still waiting for an… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Washroom Operator -  #cintasjobs #Manufacturing #Montgomery, AL #Hiring	1
Wings chronicle #RM #leadermonster   Namjuuuuuuuuuuunnnnn 💜💜💜 @ Senopati79, a Qubicle Center 	0
Perezville TX Sat Nov 11th AM Forecast: TODAY Chance Of Rain Hi 79 TONIGHT Chance Of Rain Lo 65	0
Middle 🎶 em Manaus, Brazil 	0
It's that favorite time of year!!! Enjoy the holiday sounds as @haroldrappiii with family and… 	1
"NEVER🚫GIVE👐UP⬆️ON YOUR DREAMS👯🕺🗯️🏋️🤸🏆🥊💯💯, THE FIGHT👊IS IN YOUR AMBITION!! KEEP FOCUSED🔎🔬ONE… 	0
I'm at Cloud Red 	1
Kano is sleeping in this morning. 😴 @ Green, Ohio 	1
Little girl dreams available! Our Tutu Du Monde collection features exquisite hand-beaded tutu… 	1
Di Jual Nameset Original Official Product    DANI ALVES 23  DM for… 	0
Willie signs your crap from the stage at the end of the night as his band plays him off. @ Billy… 	0
Last saturday, @marshaenrica 's wedding. Still can't believe she is… 	1
Jesse Domenic Francis you have changed my life and I can't imagine… 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Residential Kitchen and Bath Sales Consultant -  #Sales	1
The much awaited, deeply desired Long Weekend!!! 😉 #vacationmodeon #boundforcebu… 	0
#ToyotaofBoerne is #nowplaying Planet Rock by #AfrikaBambaataa&amp;TheSoulsonicForce #cubevenue	0
TODAY! Visit our booth on this beautiful day! Gates open at 10. @ Bull Sallas park 	1
That song kept running around in her head. Straight out of Compton. And the samurai she saw in a… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Parts Delivery -  #Springfield, IL #Hiring #CareerArc	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Pharmacy Technician -  #Healthcare #EastOrange, NJ	1
I'm at Dia % - @diasupermercado in Canoas, rs 	0
The beer board of delight. @SoutheyBrewing @brick_brewery @MelYell0w @signaturebrew #craftbeer… 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Potsdam, NY?  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
🌱the cutest garden room by @bridgetbeari for our southernstylenow #SavannahShowhouse. Plan your… 	0
9:12   NE@2 mph(Light Air) Gst:5 mph   Dry   35°F   RH:63%   Dp:24°F   BP:30.6inHg    Mn:Last Quarter #CarolinaWx #ClaytonNC	0
current weather in Orem: clear sky, 33°F 92% humidity, wind 5mph, pressure 1020mb	0
Yes of course it is real way to develop african	1
My new back massager is my new best friend.	1
If you or family/friend are in need of clothes or dome household items, please make your way to… 	0
Be part of Asia’s Premier Charity and Awards Gala on World AIDS Day  December 1, 2017 | 8:00… 	0
Snug piercing done by nemesispiercing. Come on down, we're open all weekend! The weather is… 	1
No snow in our warm + cozy studio! . Few spots remain for @yogichristina “Heart of The Matter”… 	1
Interested in a #job in #Germantown, MD? This could be a great fit:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I also have a Slay Queen, A real Slay Queen though, not these who are busy asking for R170s in DMs. What can you ev… 	0
23:15, Wind 8.5 m/s, ENE Rain rate 0.0 mm Temp. 11.8C 48%  1022.59 hPa/Rising Rapidly Rain today 0.0 mm  #kawaguchi	0
I'm at Algonquin College - Kuwait in Kuwait 	1
#brighton #filmisnotdead #filmisnotdead #lomography @ Brighton 	0
One of the safest buildings in the world capable of withstanding earthquakes and extreme wind… 	1
haze -&gt; scattered clouds temperature up 26°C -&gt; 33°C humidity up 16% -&gt; 19% wind 4kmh -&gt; 2kmh	0
With Nadya at Rumah Lobster [vid] — 	0
I'm at The LaKe w/ @lari_0i 	1
150 !! HEADHUNTERZ " EL REY, VUELVE AL HARDSTYLE " 04 / 11/ 2017 en Museo del Ferrocarril 	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Database Engineer -  #Engineering #ColoradoSprings, CO #Hiring	0
Thank you to all the veterans past and present who have given their… 	1
With Sulistyoarief, Irene, and 2 others at Lot 9 Bintaro [pic] — 	0
I'm at @RedSeaMallKsa in Jeddah, Makkah 	0
Loooooove this shot of red_carter2020 (that we got just before a DOWNpour.)… 	1
Join the Sunrise Senior Living team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Nursing #McLean, VA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
• 🆆🆈🅽🆆🅾🅾🅳 • en Wynwood Walls &amp; Art District, Miami 	0
I actually drew this FOR someone, and I meant to tag her when I posted it, but I lost the note… 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: LPN - Peninsula Regional Medical Group -  #LPN #Salisbury, MD #Hiring	0
I'm at Tesco Lotus Damnoensaduak in Ratchaburi 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Copy Editor -  #Marketing #WestChicago, IL #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Want to work at Panera Bread? We're #hiring in #Richmond, VA! Click for details:  #parttime #Catering #Veterans #Job	1
Want to work at The Creative Group? We're #hiring in #Washington, DC! Click for details:  #SocialMedia #Job #Jobs	1
Happy Veterans Day to all of our Veterans! Thank you so very much for all your service to us and your willingness t… 	1
@sijeeeeeeey @m @ma ra rock	1
Work, headlined by @diplo &amp; @marshmellomusic ✨🌼🎶 @ Electric Daisy Carnival - EDC Orlando 	0
Loving this 3-hour UM infomercial collegegameday ! It's great to be… 	0
Game Day continues! #BaltimoreinaBox #Crabs #GameDay #GirlsDay @ Kensington, Maryland 	1
Drinking a Harvest Festivale by @greatnewsome @ Notts — 	0
One of the most magical places I have ever seen ❤🎆🏰 @ Disneyland Paris 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Wireless Team Member -  #Retail #Baytown, TX #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
If you're looking for work in #Paramus, NJ, check out this #job:  #customerservice #Hiring #CareerArc	0
See our latest #Doha, Doha #job and click to apply: Radio Systems Specialist -  #Engineering #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Morning 🤘 ------------------------------------ #findingseptember #weekendvibes #saturdaygrind… 	0
Leslie Karen Hammond @ConfidenceBldr is on episode #34 of The Entrepreneurial You podcast.  Have… 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Loader / Unloader -  #cintasjobs #Manufacturing #Hourly #Hickory, NC #Job #Jobs	1
I'm at BTS Mo Chit - @bts_skytrain in Chatuchak, Bangkok 	0
I'm at Love street in Kuwait City 	1
Working on this sweet piece so far so good 😊 #tattoo #tattoos #tattideas #tattooart #art #artist… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Purchasing -  #Purchasing #Memphis, TN #CareerArc	1
Ready to drive into the weekend! Happy Friday y'all! 🐾🎉 @ Lucas Oil Stadium 	1
Want to work in #KansasCity, MO? View our latest opening:  #RN #Nurse #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
I'm at Kuwait City in Kuwait w/ @al_haidar9 	0
Just posted a photo @ Downtown LA 	0
current weather in South Whittier: mist, 52°F 93% humidity, wind 3mph, pressure 1016mb	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Pittsburgh, PA?  #CustomerService #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Interested in a #job in #Union, SC? This could be a great fit:  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
💙💎 @ Unknown Location 	0
How superhero girlfriends handle their boyfriends birthday! Mossy messages are an excellent… 	1
I'm at TGI Fridays in Abu Dhabi, UAE 	0
A heartfelt thank you to our Veteran's! Happy Veteran's Day! We are incredibly grateful and… 	1
Legs are still tight from the half, but it always #armday   #bodhi #bodhibreathe… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? shift supervisor - Store# 04232, QUEEN &amp; JOHN -  #CustomerService #Hiring	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Sales Specialist Flooring -  #Sales #Starkville, MS	1
The Luck of the Irish is swinging Miami's way today!! #canes #allabouttheu #TheU #miami… 	1
@Aland72 Did you know that #strongerlearning was Trending Topic for 13 hours? →  @MiaLidingoStad #trndnl	1
Join the WHBM team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Retail #Knoxville, TN #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Wind 0.0 mph ---. Barometer 30.089 in, Steady. Temperature 41.5 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 93%	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #SinkingSpring, PA?  #Nursing #LPN #Hiring	1
see you guys next year ! @ Shah Alam, Malaysia 	1
Join the Department of Veterans Affairs team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Nursing #OklahomaCity, OK #Hiring	1
I'm at Cafe nar 	1
I'm at (@ JUMO COFFEE in Kuwait) 	0
Join the Chili's team! See our latest #job opening here:  #LineCook #Cook #SanMarcos, TX #Hiring #CareerArc	1
@Rotevatn Did you know that 'SSB-sjefen' was Trending Topic for 6 hours? →  @PepsiGro #trndnl	0
Great seeing some old friends &amp; reminiscing last night @ the game. Especially great catching up… 	1
Just click😍😍 @ Uttara 	0
Join the Kelly Services team! See our latest #job opening here:  #KellyJobs #KellyServices #SkilledTrade #Hiring	1
#travel #goals with #whalesharks  #oslob #philippines 🇨🇿 #teamgerodiaz🇨🇿 @ JMG Travel Services 	0
The view from the Veterans Day Breakfast... @ NYU Kimmel Center for University Life 	0
I'm at Putrajaya Food Truck in Putrajaya 	1
What an amazing night we had yesterday with OISEAUX-TEMPÊTE opening at @leguesswho @dehellingnl!… 	1
If you're looking for work in #FallsChurch, VA, check out this #job:  #HomeRepair #HVAC #Carpentry #Maintenance	0
Interested in a #job in #Indianapolis, IN? This could be a great fit:  #KellyJobs #KellyServices #Manufacturing	0
I'm at Da Kitchen Too in Waveland, MS 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Operator, Pipeline (Hobbs, NM) -  #energy #Utilities #Seminole, TX #Hiring	1
I'm at Los Angeles International Airport - @flylaxairport in Los Angeles, CA 	1
Marco w #nonno❤️ #Grandpa and #grandson #love @ Bronxville 	0
Don't be caught like a zombie caught in a snowstorm #winteriscoming #wintermoving  #moving. Hire… 	0
Koncomcom @ MyTOWN Shopping Centre 	0
In our obscurity—in all this vastness—there is no hint that help will come from elsewhere to… 	0
So Juicy! Good times Mobile Speaker DIPA by Cloudwater x Dry &amp; Bitter ABV: 8.0% Look: Cloudy… 	1
I'm at McDonald's in Melaka, Malacca 	0
PTAD verifies 1,683 pensioners in Benue  via @todayng 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Nurses Needed for Pediatric Home Care -  #Nursing #Cochranton, PA #Job #Jobs	1
11/11/2017 - 08:45 Temp: 37.8F   Hum:  97% Wind: 0.0 mph Baro: 30.315in. &amp; Falling Rain: 0.00 in. 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Senior Library Specialist - Gateway Services -  #Education #Providence, RI	1
Kingston Health Sciences Centre #Emploi: Registered Nurse PT - Kidd 9 Medicine ( #Kingston, Ontario )  #Embauche	0
See our latest #Alpharetta, GA #job and click to apply: Seasonal Stock Associate - Avalon -  #Seasonal #Hiring	0
getting #ready #ford #fordfocus #fordfocusrs @ The Thermal Club, Race Track 	0
before the night ends, before i knock out and even though you’re just beside me, i want to tell… 	0
@echoandrig @sam_marvin @tivolivillagelv ..  it’s been a while! Glad to be back for #HH… 	1
Join the UPS team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Transportation #Goodfield, IL #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Caucasianing across state lines. (@ Trader Joe's in Raleigh, NC) 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Maintenance -  MI #Hiring #CareerArc	1
RT that  	1
Still my favourite bridge in London. . . . . . #wandering #wanderingaround #wanderlust… 	0
I'm at Genting 1st Guard House in Genting Highlands, Pahang 	0
@Stuartyboy1971 Gary MacLachlan just scored 1 min from h/t up 1-0	0
Cross-country running along the Escarpment late this afternoon:  up The Grind and down the Happy… 	0
l e s t • w e • f o r g e t @ Canada 	0
I'm at @BritishMuseum in London, Greater London  	1
Advanced muting options on Twitter | Twitter Help Center  via @TwitterSupport	1
I'm at ARR Corner 24 hour in Kangar, Perlis w/ @syedfaris4 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Business Banking Relationship Manager -  #Banking #NewYork, NY #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Great pyramids of Meroe Sudan #nubian #pyramids #travel #roadtrip #africa #adventure… 	0
Incident (Severe delay) M90 J8 (Arlary) - J7 (Hilton) - Accident M90(S) J7-J8, one lane restricted due ...  #beepbeep	0
Loving my #Wawa tumbler that I won at the @SunFound silent auction! It’s perfect for a cold… 	1
If you're looking for work in #Phoenix, AZ, check out this #job:  #SkilledTrade #Hiring #CareerArc	0
IDEA Public Schools is hiring in #BatonRouge, LA. #hiring starts in November!  #Clerical #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #LasCruces, NM?  #Banking #Hiring #CareerArc	0
2nd to last game of the season. (@ First Baptist Church Windermere - Lakeside Campus - @fbcwindermere) 	1
Caroline and I jumped for joy on our wedding day that literally took place on Coco Point,… 	1
I'm at @McDonalds in Alexandria, VA 	0
Interested in a #job in #KansasCity, MO? This could be a great fit:  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Physician (Orthopedic Surgeon) -  #Physician #Lebanon, PA	1
@lMThomasWilson Diesel and indestructible. Look up the Top Gear tests they did.	1
I'm at Fisk - Cabula 	1
Last. (@ Family Seafood in Gua Musang) 	1
New toy. My TV has been hungry for something 4k that it can sink it's teeth into. #Microsoft… 	1
Cooking with #porkcheeks again today - incredible colour on them! #eatlocal… 	1
Amazing old Toyota Land Cruiser #Toyotanation #toyotalandcruiser #landscape #landcruiser #toyota… 	1
There is nothing more important than your team, your circle, your squad, or your family.  It’s… 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Recruiting Specialist - Aerotek Corporate -  #Recruiting	1
Whiskey and Drinks (@ BAR Freedom) 	0
@sphirani Thank you!	1
Incident on #Bxm9Bus from Madison Avenue: 42nd Street to Madison Avenue: 57th Street 	0
🛍🛍  best virgin Brazilian remy hair bellatique 👍 9A queen 👸🏽 hair… 	0
@lindsaylohan i do dan.lohan yes i do #djdancortez #majorsituation #lindsaylohan @ David Bowie… 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Patient Accounts Representative-Elilgibility -  #Accounting #ColoradoSprings, CO	1
See our latest #PanamaCity, FL #job and click to apply: Shift Supervisor -  #parttime #Hospitality #Veterans #Hiring	0
I'm at Feel Cafe in Ban Rangsit, ปทุมธานี  	0
We Don't No Y'all We Don't Mess wit Y'all   Ok We Here Now.... #iTimya  and #MeOlivia @… 	0
Starting the morning off right with my beautiful besties at IHOP! #ashhaspanache #ihop @ IHOP 	1
Cenizas Band from Chille has burn Tinjomoyo Camprock..@acaraapa_com @Livedotsemarang @hendrarprihadi… 	0
If you're looking for work in #Grants, NM, check out this #job:  #Hospitalist #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Having two textured hair is hard work 😭😭#TransitioningHair… 	0
Wind 4.6 mph NNW. Barometer 1010.2 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 10.2C, feels like 8.7C. Rain today 4.5 mm. Humidity 96%. f5.	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? CNC Machinist -  #KellyJobs #KellyServices #Manufacturing #Rochester, NY	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Salesperson -  #Automotive #Cadillac, MI #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Lakewood, Colorado?  #KindredatHome #Healthcare #Hiring	0
Cooked fish with pickled vegetable &amp; tofu soup for dinner #pondoksariwangi #dinner #funcooking… 	0
Want to work at JM Family Enterprises? We're #hiring in #DeerfieldBeach, FL! Click for details:  #internship #Job	1
It's a DKW, not an Audi!  . . . . #DKW #autounion #classiccar #germany🇩🇪 #oldtimer #notanaudi @… 	0
In a back alley littered with cigarette butts. #tb #brickwall #takenbyhim @ Seoul, Korea 	0
Want to work in #Huntley, IL? View our latest opening:  #MedEd #Scrublife #HospitalLife #Healthcare #Job #Jobs	1
Celebrating my new 'do' with a glass of great English wine at one of my favourite locals,… 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Brighton, MI?  #Manufacturing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Football sweets. Check 👍 @ Folkestone Invicta F.C. 	1
Student at @AbertayUni, interested in space and radio? I’ll go over he basics of communications for High Altitude B… 	0
Want to work in #Boulder, CO? View our latest opening:  #IT #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Well our wee man finally made an appearance last night at 8.14pm weighing in at 8.6lb ... He’s a… 	1
1st yr as a couple and now 2nd yr as soulmate. Long years ahead… 	0
Want to work at Landstar? We're #hiring in #CedarRapids, IA! Click for details:  #Transportation #Job #Jobs	1
Conviso no Roadsec 2017 #flipmyuser em Roadsec 	0
I'm at Midpoint in İstanbul 	1
I'm at Miami Suplementos in Taguatinga, DF 	0
If you're looking for work in #TraverseCity, MI, check out this #job:  #Driver #CDL #Hiring	0
The life and story of the world's biggest entertainer ever... CLICK HERE  	1
👵🏻 @ TATI University College 	0
Good morning Seattle! What are you plans for the… 	1
WE PARTY IN #DMV TONIGHT NOV 11 @alphonsebeni #TURNUPSEASON 🔥🔥🔥🔥@dotmanofficial @unimofficial… 	0
🛩 🆔📍🏔 🔜 @ Perrine Bridge Overlook 	0
**RELATIONSHIP CHALLENGE**  Post your 1st EVER picture with your… 	0
I'm at Starbucks in Maselah, Hawalli Governorate 	0
tallest building in the world!!! @ Dubai, United Arab Emirates 	1
Join the Henry Clay Villa, Lp team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Nursing #Uniontown, PA #Hiring #CareerArc	0
(38 Days Away)  (WEST MICHIGAN) We just added another Team to THE BEST WINTER 3-on-3 BASKETBALL… 	0
If you're looking for work in #EllicottCity, MD, check out this #job:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at @DistrictTaco in Fairfax, VA 	0
We’re hiring. Assistant Guest Services Manager-Wyndham Ocean Blvd. in #NorthMyrtleBeach #jobs #Work4Wyn 	0
Day 2: Tour at Korean Demilitarized Zone. #ootdmomukhamo… 	1
#New From @MIKEY_DOLLAZ_ #Mixtape #Bipolar His #BIO | #Hosted By @djamaris1 | Download Now On… 	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: RN II - Float -  #RN #NurseLife #NursesUnite #Nursing #McHenry, IL #Hiring	0
a month away from my basses (trying a chilipeppers song called “goodbye angels” w/ a strong… 	1
I'm at Star Coin Laundry in Cyberjaya 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Driver -  #Transportation #Tulsa, OK #Hiring #CareerArc	1
30% off select Ejuice @EastCoastvapes 💯Must mention add at the time of purchase. Must be 18… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Inventory Tech - Central Supply -  #SupplyChain #Houston, TX #Hiring	1
A few highlights from the incredible work of my classmates! #fantasyhair cmucollege #flowerpower… 	1
💉Treatment: Nonsurgical Lip augmentation. 🎯 Purpose: Lip augmentation / enhancement ❓what it is:… 	0
Join the Starbucks team! See our latest #job opening here:  #CustomerService #Galveston, TX #Hiring #CareerArc	1
See our latest #Glenshaw, PA #job and click to apply: Small Business Relationship Banker -  #cfgjobs #Hiring	1
Ready for #Obatomi17  #Weddingguest #Owambe @ Lagos, Nigeria 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Part-time Nursing Instructor -  #highered #VanWa #VancouverWA #Education	0
Made it through security! Now we wait. @ Salt Lake City International Airport (SLC) 	1
Someone is getting ready to suffer.   10 hrs on the bike Come down and cheer on Isaac.… 	0
Want to work at Endeavor Charter Academy? We're #hiring in #Springfield, MI! Click for details:  #Education #Teacher	1
I'm at Bob Evans Restaurant in Columbus, OH 	1
K  Y  D    2 . 0              . . . . . . . . . Coming back to… 	1
Carlos and Barry looking like they about to drop that bomb mixtape. @ West Egg Cafe 	0
Alcoholic sour blackcurrant. Brewdog Leeds TOILETS are like entering a 1980's horror movie. - Drinking a No Smoke W… 	0
See our latest #Jacksonville, NC #job and click to apply: Speech Language Pathologist -  #SLP #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Come see me and @lora_martin and several other vendors at Christmas… 	0
#30daysofthankfulness  We were together. I forgot the rest. #waltwhitman #thankful #grateful… 	1
Budeweather@15:17, Temp@13.9C ,Wind@13mph-SW-Gusting-23mph,Rain 4.3mm ,UV-0,Cloudbase-0ft,Forcast-Precipitation, very unsettled	0
Trip up the castle lads #tourists @ Dumbarton Castle 	0
I'm at The @DesignMuseum in London, Greater London 	1
Do it by yourself	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Sales Associate -  #Retail #Normal, IL #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
I'm at Coff 	1
If you're looking for work in #Dallas, TX, check out this #job:  #Clerical #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at The House Café - @thehousecafethc in İstanbul 	1
📷: arkchangel17 @ Pancake House 	0
Your daily angel 👼🏼. 🐰 🐇 🐰 . . . #simplicity #yoga #Meditation #AngelCards… 	1
Just posted a video @ Woodlands Country Club 	0
Still again not in Disneyland!  Good job this morning Lizards!  Off to #Mizzou to beat the… 	1
Hanoi City Sightseeing  * * #vietnam #hanoi #sightseeing #buildings #people #culture… 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Temporary Cook -  #Hospitality #NewYork, NY #Hiring #CareerArc	0
On to the playoffs #fridaynightlights🏈 @ Palm Desert, California 	0
I'm at Club Hollywood 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: DRIVER TRAINEE -  #Transportation #Greensboro, NC #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Right Here By 7pm I am Live Performing Tonight with Kcee, Simi, BasketMouth e.t.c. OLCC Harvest… 	0
One thing I’ve learned in this fight game is that the fiercest… 	0
Join the CVS Health team! See our latest #job opening here:  #IT #Boston, MA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Day by day... . . . . #followforfollow #f4f #follow4follow #siguemeytesigo… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Aurora, CO?  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
With my guy, Mr. Nye, proud of my Veteran. #firstresponder #exxonvaldez muncleman… 	1
Watch us work .. Performing Magic! 👀.   #KoolsKorner🔥 @ Atlanta, Georgia 	1
#France #Repost rosekeehan (get_repost) ・・・ My cousin Eimear Noonan has not been seen or heard… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Columbia, SC? This could be a great fit:  #parttime #Hospitality #Veterans #Hiring	0
At 10:25 AM, Twin Lakes [Houghton Co, MI] PUBLIC reports SNOW of 2.50 INCH #MQT 	0
Sophisticated @ Hilton Liverpool City Centre 	1
#thehub2017 is now trending in #Abuja   	1
I'm at Nascimento's House in Belford Roxo, Rj 	0
The Boston Globe Boston, Massachusetts, USA Saturday, November 11, 2017  	0
Join the Blarney Castle Oil team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Retail #Rosebush, MI #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Want to work at Gap Inc.? We're #hiring in #Houston, TX! Click for details:  #Seasonal #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Stay in the know, signup for our newsletter &amp; be the first to know of upcoming events, exclusive… 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Tier 1 - PRN -  #PRN #Union, SC #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
At 10:00 AM, 28 ESE Keweenaw Point [Lsz266 Co, MI] BUOY reports NON-TSTM WND GST of M40 MPH #MQT 	0
If you're looking for work in #Austell, GA, check out this #job:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
@weberstatembb Got the W on opening night. First 2-0 win streak vs. Utah State since 1998 and… 	0
I'm at Edward Joy Electric in Syracuse, NY 	0
I'm at Kev Snack Express - @kev_cafe in İstanbul 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #NorthHaven, CT?  #Driver #CDL #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Interested in a #job in #Madison, NC? This could be a great fit:  #Healthcare #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're looking for Drivers to join the Clean Harbors team! Call 1-833-32-DRIVE to learn more.  #GeneralScience #Job	0
#FeelGood #FeelFree New Friends in Life, New Me. atm.. @ Centrio with @kickstarterkarl… 	1
Celebrating Cupcake's birthday!! (@ Universal Studios Florida - @universalorl in Orlando, FL) 	1
2 and a half mile walk. Thanks for the gym..  our legs are like… 	1
the Railway Cathederal @visit_antwerp #antwerp #culturekids #belgium #architecturephotography @… 	0
Join the Bar Louie team! See our latest #job opening here:  #restaurantlife #LineCook #Orlando, FL #Hiring	0
To all veterans, active duty and those who have given their lives for our freedom, we thank you… 	1
Join the Booz Allen team! See our latest #job opening here:  #BoozAllen #IT #McLean, VA #Veterans #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I'm at Leandro's house w/ @mpregassi @viannagabih @regassi_ana 	0
THE BRIDE OF THE PINK VEIL     #lovemoments #weddingphotographerspain… 	0
I'm at @MaltepeParkAvm in Maltepe, Istanbul w/ @cigdemgoztok @frkndzcn 	0
I'm at Leandro's house w/ @regassi_ana @viannagabih @isabella_branco 	0
I'm at @ChickfilA in Hunt Valley, MD 	0
I'm at Piat's Place 	1
If you're looking for work in #Florence, AL, check out this #job:  #parttime #LineCook #Cook #Veterans #Hiring	0
Want to work with amazing brands like Oreo, Cadbury and Milka? Check out this #job Part Time Nabisco...  #Sales	1
Well I attempted some work but he wasn’t having it so we came to the farm for a play and some… 	0
dresden_city famous #frauenkirche   Beautiful snd symbolic #nomorewar #travel #letsgoeverywhere… 	1
 Good morning.All is well in the Middle Fork.	1
Drinking a Krombacher Weizen by @krombacherbeer at @cafe_extrablatt — 	0
See you tomorrow guys !!!! en Santiago Metropolitan Region 	1
Drinking a Standard Bearer by @WincleBeerCo @ Fountain Inn —  #photo	0
Want to work in #hermitage, tennessee ? View our latest opening:  #Transportation #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I'm at 360° @Mall360 in Kuwait City, Al Asimah 	0
Our morning so far. #yonginusa #taekwondo #hapkido @ Yong In USA Martial Arts 	1
temperature up 21°F -&gt; 28°F humidity down 62% -&gt; 49% wind 8mph -&gt; 9mph	0
Proud and humbled to stand with #woundedwarriors today. @ New York, New York 	1
fair dates💕🎡 @ Okefenokee Fairgrounds 	0
I'm at Kiwanis Park in Tempe, AZ 	0
Huge variety of brands and styles! Come check out all our inventory today!! @ Nashville, Tennessee 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Willowbrook, IL?  #NowHiring #Instructor #Cycling #Hiring	0
#oandcon17 @cytomatrix is proud to   Release the new #Melatonin called Melo-Matrix, come by and… 	1
See our latest #Atlanta, GA #job and click to apply: Senior BT Sales Manager -  #Hospitality #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Back to business! 💥  bambubirmingham #Sauce Saturdays return.   @jessmonroex / djdombryan /… 	1
Congrats for an amazing run, Coach Bo! Get it next season! #UPFight @ Smart Araneta Coliseum 	1
See our latest #BatonRouge, LA #job and click to apply: Loader / Unloader - 2nd Shift -  #cintasjobs #Manufacturing	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Dishwasher -  #Hospitality #WestBloomfieldTownship, MI #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Join the Thermo Fisher Scientific team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Purchasing #Germering, BY #Hiring	1
A fantastic book that is perfect for this Day of Remembrance. I am on a mission to find this… 	1
#saturday #sageandpalosanto @ New York, New York 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Digital Marketing Specialist -  #Marketing #Toronto, ON	1
Join the Panera Bread team! See our latest #job opening here:  #parttime #Hospitality #Triadelphia, WV #Veterans	1
Another custom built #smithandwessonshield leaving our shop.  This one was ordered by a husband… 	0
Fall day run and a post run CeCe snuggle #normanok #legacytrail… 	0
Join the The Creative Group team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Marketing #Columbus, OH #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Learning about Rocket Chat from @C_Logemann #BCRM17 	1
Hello weekend.  📷 @mielandut @ Ceto Temple 	1
If you're looking for work in #Chicago, IL, check out this #job:  #FindYourFit #leadership #Hiring	0
I'm at @AlHamraTower in Sharq, Kuwait 	0
I'm at The @FirstClinicS in Jeddah, Makkah Province 	0
Emotions/Chris Brown  @yuka00622  @MOE_Twin_Tail  #moe_yuka  #パプリカ 場所: Kita-Matsumoto Station	0
RYAN BLANEY WINS THE POLE FOR THE PHOENIX RACE: In the qualifying session for the Can-Am 500,… 	0
@kimeeb ~ rocking it on the #hawaii50redcarpet2017 #kprp650am #alohaoprah @ Waikiki, Hawaii 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Personal Banker 1 -  #Banking #RockHill, SC #CareerArc	1
you break me down, you build me up, believer, believer 🎶 imagine dragone — believer #me #evening… 	0
@GG_s0nic @motorolaindia @Moto_Support Lol. What kind of a shitty issue is that? I've never even heard of such an issue before.	0
With Desy at Fun House Boardgame Cafe &amp; Resto — 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Admin, Service Tracking -  #Clerical NJ #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Interested in a #job in #Orlando, FL? This could be a great fit:  #Finance #Hiring #CareerArc	0
The #ray of #hope  #instaphoto #instaphotography #instapic #umngotriver #dawki… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Help Desk Analyst -  #CustomerService #RollingMeadows, IL #Hiring	1
**48 Hour Homeless Challenge** @ Enjoy Detroit 	0
Saturday Morning Inspiration from my sis @NeverendingNina !!!! 🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿. When ur such a dope… 	0
I'm at Dry Dock 	1
I'm at Chuy’s Tex-Mex in Annapolis, MD  	0
Snap Kitchen Having a #job sucks, so we fixed it! Bag a #job within one of our Stores in #Chicago, IL  #careers	0
1.My Grandfather Masterton (I believe the picture was taken when he was based in Sydney, Nova… 	1
Join us in atlanta, ga for our USA boxing Masters Division Clinic… 	0
#shopsmallbusiness #shopsmall25th @ Lea's 	1
Shout out to me alumni 👩‍🎓 kachinacfleet and her grand opening of salon.. she’s been slaying… 	0
Just posted a photo @ Hadrian's Wall NT 	0
Last day this week to experience this delicious combo! 3 bean turkey chili with a side of… 	1
#santamonica #instagay #party #birdcage @ The Birdcage SM 	0
I'm at @Selfridges &amp; Co in London, Greater London, Greater London 	0
If you're looking for work in #BattleCreek, MI, check out this #job:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: &lt;strong&gt;Elementary Teacher, Grade Two&lt;/strong&gt; -  #teachabroad #edchat #christianjobs	1
THANK YOU 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 and Happy Veteran’s Day to all of those who have… 	0
Been for a lovely Saturday afternoon walk with ajcox1990 now we had stopped for a spot of lunch… 	0
Check out these awesome soaps and bath bombs!!! Til noon today! 😊 @bellekitchenokc #events… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? MOD Squad Team Members! -  #FastCasual #Annapolis, MD #Hiring #CareerArc	1
#winter started @ Bangalore, India 	1
If you're looking for work in #Phoenix, AZ, check out this #job:  #Hiring #CareerArc	0
If you in NY or the Long Island area come rock out wit us tonight! @th3saga @buckbarnabas… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Hair Stylist -  #Cosmetology #Mundelein, IL #CareerArc	1
broken clouds -&gt; few clouds temperature up 51°F -&gt; 54°F humidity down 87% -&gt; 81% wind 18mph -&gt; 17mph	0
What a fun day! #wowjbr #jbr #soarhigh @ Jumeirah Beach Residence 	1
Cogni Boys are out to play!!! #AfterShiftSessions @ 8 August Studio 	1
#Play #Monster #Mini #Golf #Free.  #We #Thank #You For #Your #Service.  Open On November 11th… 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Banquet Cook I -  #DTLV #VegasFood #VegasLife #Hospitality	1
GAME DAY BABY! Today is when legends are born. The battle for the Monon Bell, to the victor go… 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SPECIALIST -  #Healthcare #NewHaven, CT #Hiring	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Tavares, FL?  #Banking #Hiring #CareerArc	0
🖤🥀🌧 w: Dream 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Restaurant Manager -  #Hospitality #Perry, GA #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Sniffin' butts. #dogsofinstagram #miloooooooooo @ Carolina Pines Dog Park 	1
Under the bridge #sailing #goldengatebridge #sanfrancisco #bayarea #goldenautumn @ Golden Gate… 	0
See our latest #ParsippanyTroyHills, NJ #job and click to apply: Salesperson -  #Automotive #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Getting ready for our #veteransday #breakfast here at @ihmco . We are all thankful for your… 	0
Hot and steamy #waffles sound great for breakfast, but Jerk Chicken and Waffles sounds amazing!… 	1
I'm at VOL.1 in Kuwait 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Medical Director, Behavioral Health (Psychiatry) -  #psychiatry #Mather, CA	0
Of course had to get a waffle in #Belgium (with chocolate). Still looking for the other kind.… 	1
Interested in a #job in #Vacaville, CA? This could be a great fit:  #NursesRock #Hiring	0
current weather in Milan: fog, 11°C 100% humidity, wind 2kmh, pressure 1013mb	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Hair Stylist -  #Cosmetology #Phoenix, AZ #Hiring #CareerArc	1
See our latest #Minooka, IL #job and click to apply: Track Foreman -  #Foreman #Veterans #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Out in the streets to prepare to paint so I can hang pictures and… 	1
Hockey morning with my little hustler 🏒🥅 @ John F. Kennedy Arena 	0
Happy Veteran's Day to my favorite veteran, who, two years ago on this day, became another of… 	1
Join the Labatt Food Service team! See our latest #job opening here:  #SanAntonio, TX #Hiring	1
Love reading your messages about how my fashion choices to post here help you guys. They are a… 	1
@AppleEnMexico @Mimacmx   *** Only for 1 week, Wallpaper Wizard 2 is FREE ***  - Compatibility with Mac OS High Sie… 	0
I’d gladly stand through one hundred more sub 20 degree days for one… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Duluth, GA? This could be a great fit:  #BostonMarket #FastCasual #Hiring	0
I'm at Session Road in Baguio City, Benguet 	0
I'm at Encontro Rap 	1
I'm at Mishref in Mishref, Al Asimah 	0
Post night shift/pre night out weights followed by 5K off road.… 	0
Vista CA Sat Nov 11th AM Forecast: TODAY Partly Cloudy Hi 70 TONIGHT Patchy Fog Lo 56	0
Join the HMSHost team! See our latest #job opening here:  #retail #sales #Amherst, OH #Hiring #CareerArc	1
A storm be coming .... #mexico #thiswriterslife #tulum #emptybeach @ Tulum, Mexico 	0
If you're looking for work in #Midland, MI, check out this #job:  #KellyJobs #KellyServices #Pharmaceutical #Hiring	0
Looking Up #goldmetalflour #goldmetalpack #2ndstreet #downtown #minneapolis #mpls #minnesota… 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Driver Helper -  #Transportation #RockValley, IA #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Want to work in #McLean, VA? View our latest opening:  #CustomerService #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I just began a running workout using #Endomondo. Peptalk me now @ 	0
Great day out (well, in) at Manchester's Depot for their Battle of Britain. Good climbs, great… 	1
Grateful &amp; Thankful to all who serve and have served especially… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Customer Service Associate I -  #Retail #Oakland, MD #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Interested in a #job in #Mexico? This could be a great fit:  #Pharmaceutical #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Thank you! #Merica @ United States 	1
Basic SFX Cuts with Liquid Latex tutorial coming soon! #beautypromoter #beauty #makeup… 	0
I'm at Armada in Ankara 	1
If you're looking for work in #Vail, CO, check out this #job:  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Sometimes you can get us out of our AT uniforms. @ Texas State… 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Banquet Setup- PM -  #Hospitality #Atlanta, GA #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Want to work at SONIC Drive-In? We're #hiring in #Salado, TX! Click for details:  #Hospitality #Job #Jobs	1
Want to work in #Tampa, FL? View our latest opening:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Dinner ft birthday 😁 @ Bangi Golf Resort 	0
Samstags ♥️ @ Bremerhaven, Germany 	0
Walked in to Chapel Hill MS and the girls won 75 to 9 WOW @ Chapel Hill Middle School 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: SOUS CHEF -  #Cheflife #FairLawn, NJ #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Tag Your Friends That This Applies To Lol @ Charlotte, North Carolina 	0
Interested in a #job in #Chesterfield, VA? This could be a great fit:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Show time’s at 11. Come one, come all! @OpenBooks @RachFaceCoulter @tigerstripebks nskdrums33… 	1
I'm at Emporioa Da Enoteca in Teresina, pi w/ @adriano161084 @anapaulagusmo6 @euviignomos @ademird93923150 	0
Want to work at Harman? We're #hiring in #LosAngeles, CA! Click for details:  #Sales #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
#nomnom (@ Sunrise Café in Farmington Hills, MI)  	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Delivery Driver -  #Transportation #Darlington, SC #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Early bday celebration for kiddo and yay she chose by the elephants… 	0
I'm at Dose café 	1
I'm at Palestra Sports in Rancagua 	1
THANK YOU Village Teachers As we finish up, with the moutain of orders from the 13/14/15… 	0
@dascud Knew you’d like that one 💨 💨	1
Easy ladies. He's married. Thankful for everything he's done--including enlisting to serve in… 	1
Get Ready by The Temptations is #nowplaying in Trinity College Bar.	0
Want to work at Starbucks? We're #hiring in #Westminster, CO! Click for details:  #CustomerService #Job #Jobs	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? barista - Store# 26194, BAY PINES &amp; 100TH WAY - ST. PE -  #CustomerService	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Service Center Manager (Internal) -  #CustomerService #Venice, FL #Job #Jobs	1
@ 9:15 AM MST: Temp:65.3F, Wind:ESE@ 0 mph, Baro:29.927" &amp; Rising, Hum:44%, Rain:0.00", Hi:65.3F @ 9:14 AM, Lo:52.9F @ 7:15 AM	0
@shopbellengrace is having a 1 day sale 🙌🏽 @ Connecticut 	0
#AriesIAm says, "Let me show you how it's done"...   Creator: Angelica Angeles  @aries_i_am… 	0
@Steps_757 you behind Nigga. Catch up	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Plant/Maintenance Engineering Technician -  #KellyJobs #KellyServices	1
I'm at Escola Toledo 	1
Join the Intertek team! See our latest #job opening here:  #FortQuAppelle, SK #Hiring #CareerArc	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Management Internship in Engineering– Louveira Plant -  #Engineering #Louveira, SP	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Puyallup, WA?  #cintasjobs #4dayWorkWeek #Driver #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Gypsy jail #stellakathryn @ Egg Harbor Cafe East Cobb 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Hair Stylist -  #Cosmetology #NorthRidgeville, OH #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
#bernesemountaindog #bernese #bernersennenhund #saturdaywalk love… 	1
Boys night out. Pero may girls @ Borderline Food Park 	1
All aboard the choo choo train 🚂🚂🚂 #MrFreedom #MrBrightEyes @ Sky Ranch 	0
An experience to record .. Congratulations ABU DHABI for the… 	1
⛳️💦 @ Pestana Gramacho Golf Course 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Sales Specialist ProServices -  #Sales #CapeCoral, FL #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Two of our World Series Champions. Love these boys. Great time at… 	1
That morning glow #riseandshine @ Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 	0
Chillin. @lovestitchla available in our studio. #saturdayvibes #shop #lovestitch #walnutcreek… 	1
I'm at @VOXCinemas in Dubai 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Senior Trial Attorney -  #Insurance #SanDiego, CA #Job #Jobs	1
Want to work in #Tempe, AZ? View our latest opening:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I'm at Winona Cleaners in Chicago, IL 	0
#ShowUpNshowOut @ The White House 	1
Want to work in #Kinston, NC? View our latest opening:  #ECU #BrodySOM #Nursing #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Collections Specialist -  #Finance #CityOfIndustry, CA	1
Interested in a #job in #DaytonaBeach, FL? This could be a great fit:  #RN #NursingJobs #Nursing #Hiring	0
"I'm ready for my walk! Let's go! Get the leash and poop bags!" 🐕🐕🐕🚶‍♀️🚶‍♂️ We are still… 	0
Today's lunch... Jwari Bhakri, chutney, moong and some other vegetable. Life was sorted for 20… 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Pharmacy Technician- Order Entry 718628BR -  #Healthcare	1
More of the incredible lindseystirling  from the Amazon theanthemdc… 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Sr. Financial Analyst -  #Finance #NewYork, NY #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Who’s said #grandmerechallenge? #grandmotherchallenge @museomix06 #museomix #museomixbe @… 	1
Closed due to the veterans day parade in #IndianapolisDowntown on Vermont St Both EB/WB between Illinois St and Delaware St #traffic	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Detailer Full Time PM Charleston Airport, SC -  #CustomerService #Charleston, SC	1
I'm at Atopp Brasil 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Isanti, MN?  #Cosmetology #Hiring #CareerArc	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Tanker Drivers -  #Transportation #Mandan, ND #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Peanut’s Saturday l! #jackrussell @ Bedford–Stuyvesant, Brooklyn 	1
Belfast: 4:27pm: sunset	0
Another chapter in life: Letting go. @ LEPAQ Setiawangsa 	1
#oandcon17 Amazing lecture on #Lyme, consider patient deficiencies with #glutathione #manganese… 	0
A special #VeteransDay note from Fire Chief Todd Harms and his Deputy Chiefs greeted the members… 	1
That was one hell of a hard landing. (@ London Stansted Airport - @stn_airport in Stansted, Essex, Essex) 	0
I'm at Whipped in Kuwait City, Al Kuwayt 	0
So excited that my good friend @jasonclarkis will be with us at FCG tomorrow! Jason is such a… 	1
I'm at Rock House Sliders 	1
See our latest #Columbia, MO #job and click to apply: Grocery Team Member (10838) -  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	1
100% fresh, perfect temp, very nice - Drinking a Session IPA by @FirstChopAle @ The Emporium  — 	1
Just posted a photo @ Four Barrel Coffee 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: RN-ICU Full Time -  #Nursing #Muskogee, OK #Veterans #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Lobster Eggs Benedict @ Green Turtle Inn 	0
Just a bunch of high schoolers in suits prepping on a Saturday morning. #ahsdebate @ Punahou School 	1
Wind 4.8 kts WSW. Barometer 1011.48 mb, Steady. Temperature 5.4 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 85%	0
Wassup IG swollios and swolliets... morning cardio and abs done! Saw… 	0
Sssh! The trees are sleeping. 	1
Wind 2.4 mph N. Barometer 1011.7 hPa, Rising. Temperature 9.1C, feels like 8.0C. Rain today 4.5 mm. Humidity 95%. f2.	0
Want to work at Dollar General? We're #hiring in #TERREHAUTE, IN! Click for details:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Drinking a Brasserie de la Taupe by @BreweryMartin at @just_beer_xpo —  #photo	0
Epic edit of episode the first wife credit to selliselli6_ 💖💖💖💗💗💗💪💪💪😱😱😱😱 @ City of Richland Center 	0
Way way back then #3.5 @ Piet Rietif 	0
Mmmmmm Black Forest Brownies! 😍🎄 @ Vegan Antics 	1
#riseup #tothetop #oleallday #rockon #nextweektoptwenty @ Fort Houston 	0
When I went to Vancouver, it was more than a vacation. It was to visit and be there for my dear… 	0
Nobody better than Jonas!  #southbeach @ W South Beach 	1
Cheer for 23 years 🍻  May this be another year full of life learning… 	1
I'm at ParkFit Fitness Center in İzmir 	0
🔥🔥🔥@DeBoSinatra cutting and scratching last night at SOUTH #thisisSOUTH #djdebonair #nashville… 	0
Want to work in #Johannesburg? View our latest opening:  #Sales #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
I'm at Hemberg Stadion in Iserlohn 	1
It’s Saturday!!!! You need a new chair and some coffee. Come get both at @ R:DIN - 526 N. Water… 	1
Had such a fun weekend with this mad bunch! And jumping for Jens bday 👏🏻🕺🏼🎉💜 @ Dean Castle 	1
I'm at La Cocina in Esentepe, Istanbul  	0
Want to work at O'Reilly Auto Parts? We're #hiring in #HaltomCity, TX! Click for details:  #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
I don’t know who had more fun in the disco me or the birthday girl?… 	0
Last night we did the most  It’s your birthday!!!! It’s your birthday!! @valeenh @ Hayaty NYC 	1
Uxbridge Christmas &amp; Craft Show staring #Young Living. @ Uxbridge Arena 	0
Model Selfie 🤳🏾 Natural Glam Makeup by me 😁 ayana.wildgoose BTS @janetcollection shoot… 	0
Barcelona: 5:34pm: sunset	0
Aaand back to Autumn style again 🍁🍂 though I do have a review of the lovely hotel I stayed in in… 	0
Want to work in #Baltimore, MD? View our latest opening:  #Sales #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? RN, Registered Nurse On Call Runner, Hospice -  #Nursing #JerseyCity, NJ	1
@ShaggyRodgers_ happy Birthday dawg!!	1
See our latest #SanAntonio, TX #job and click to apply: Full-Time Key Holder -  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We know how to party! #party #wedding #dance #dj #atl #fonixentertainment #partyrock @ The… 	1
See our latest #Robinson, IL #job and click to apply: Restaurant General Manager - North Conway - -  #Hospitality	1
Some retro vibes on this beautiful Saturday morning. @ Katy, Texas 	1
HAZARD - HAZARDOUS CONDITION at SW BARBUR BLVD / SW 30TH AVE, PORTLAND, OR [Portland Police #PP17000372288] 08:33 #pdx911	0
VP Yemi Osinbajo lays foundation stone of N200bn industrial park in Edo  via @todayng 	0
Interested in a #job in #Durham, NC? This could be a great fit:  #Pharmaceutical #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Me at Hartland, Devon #sea #seascape #Hartland #devon #travel #coastal #coastline #cold #sunset… 	0
BIG UP @Thedankish AS ALWAYS FOR HAVING ME ON. THEY’RE AN IMPORTANT PART OF THE CAPE TOWN SCENE… 	0
See our latest #Albuquerque, NM #job and click to apply: NP/PA CARDIOLOGY -  #UNMH #Nursing #Hiring	0
Happy haircut Ruby #minatureschnauzer @ Larkhall 	0
Sweetheart, you know you're my favorite, but the others need my attention too....  Instagram… 	0
Want to work in #KCMO, MO? View our latest opening:  #Transportation #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Want to work in #ChulaVista, CA? View our latest opening:  #CustomerService #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
#magicmindy different for me but love them #nailtechnician #nailteclife❤️ 💅🏽💅🏽😜😜 @ Couture… 	0
We have both put in some hard work this week!!!  Time for a refeed then on to the gym.… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Westville, IN? This could be a great fit:  #CDL #Driver #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at 2Schae Café in Saint Louis, MO 	0
#weremember is now trending in #Montreal   	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Grafton, ND?  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
If you're looking for work in #Bellville, OH, check out this #job:  #Hospitality #Hiring	0
If you're looking for work in #Bloomington, IN, check out this #job:  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Interested in a #job in #Pflugerville, TX? This could be a great fit:  #FitFam #Fitness #Hiring #CareerArc	0
What international break is all about! #grassroutesfootball #afchinckley #favase #fa @ Heather… 	1
Lagos, the city of all discoveries #Lagos #Algarve #travel #holidayseason #Airbnb #superhosts… 	0
Quick pre dinner brew. The Orange 🍊 Julian is 👌 @ Cellarmaker… 	1
thank you for the love @livinproofmusic, mans really up there with some of the best to ever do… 	1
Beyond hills lays the tomorrow! @ Presa Jocoqui 	1
Here's tip #6 from #TafiqsPhysiques resident massage therapy, Gregory Lewis. To schedule a… 	0
RT @RalphPaglia: Top 10 Content Curation Tools to Get You Started - 	0
Starting the day off right with a little lakeside Gameday!!! Hoping the day will end just as… 	0
I️ knew Oregon would be lush but this… @ University of Oregon 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Store Team Member -  #Retail #NewCarrollton, MD #CareerArc	1
Join the Starbucks team! See our latest #job opening here:  #CustomerService #Winnipeg, MB #Hiring #CareerArc	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Peace Officer -Cert - Security (Nights) PRN -  #security #Houston, TX #Job #Jobs	1
Today's lunch special is Aloo Chaat! Lunch thalis are Malabar Chicken Curry and Saag Paneer.… 	1
Eng/Esp: Enjoying a delicious rice bowl from thepulpfreshbar in #Stratford // Disfrutando un… 	0
Man, @KamasiW may be my favorite soloist right now! Maybe one day… 	1
Accident cleared in #WestSeattle on Fauntleroy Wy NB at 35th Ave #traffic 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: shift supervisor - Store# 02203, ROOKWOOD PAVILION - 	1
If you're looking for work in #Lakewood, WA, check out this #job:  #Hospitality #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Clinic Nurse, FT, Days, OKC Metro Area Float Pool, INTEGRIS Medical Group -  #RN OK	1
Let's support our humble Nigerian Queen @MWNigeria @ University of Benin 	0
#petermacchiarinisteps This street has steps to go up it. @ Peter Macchiarini Steps 	1
A few tickets remaining! Contact Green Dupatta NOW! Their annual big Charity Banquet Dinner &amp;… 	1
Heading over to eastsidehandmade soon to join emilykatewarren and @boxcarmuse in supporting… 	0
See our latest #Brunswick, ME #job and click to apply: Store Team Member -  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Dishwasher -  #Dishwasher #EastHanover, NJ #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
If you're looking for work in #LosAngeles, CA, check out this #job:  #Sales #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Join the Kindred team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Healthcare #KansasCity, MO #Hiring #CareerArc	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Store Counter Sales -  #Eaton, OH #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Identity and Access Management Specialist -  #IT #Quincy, MA #Hiring	1
US Navy Pirate Hunters! #spiketv #usnavy #veteransday #suezcanal #piratehunter @ Suez Canal 	1
Want to work in #Woodbury, MN? View our latest opening:  #SupplyChain #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
In respect, we will be closed today &amp; Monday. The store front &amp; clinic will be back to regular… 	1
CALL OF DUTY WW2 😍😍😍 @ Lecce, Italy 	0
See our latest #Albany, GA #job and click to apply: Parts Pro and Assistant Store Manager -  #Automotive #Hiring	0
#cycling @ London, United Kingdom 	0
Good morning #Tongatapu! Sun will rise in 30 minutes (local time 06:52) #Sunrise #Photo #Photography [13.11.2017]	1
Nails looking fab thanks to the lovely girls at ldn_grace ❤️ the best thing when you can get… 	1
Connectioned Forever!  ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ @ Salvador, Bahia, Brazil 	1
I just finished running 5.63 km in 38m:24s with #Endomondo #endorphins 	0
11/10/17 - Results : S/o to both #BASICMEMBERS &amp; #PREMIUMMEMBERS again on back to back wins.… 	0
Suiting up the men of #Seattle. #madetomeasure #menswear #style #worktime @indochino @ Seattle,… 	1
If you're looking for work in #GloucesterTownship, NJ, check out this #job:  #Seasonal #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Want to work in #MtVernon, TX? View our latest opening:  #SupplyChain #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
#NestersMarket Whistler is #nowplaying Raging Fire by #PhillipPhillips #cubevenue	0
Cheers to Extended Stays. #canada #cheers @ Granny McCarthy's Tea… 	0
After a 14 hour flight you got to make like a baby and wear a #onesie @ Andersonville 	0
On God💯👍 @ Wheaton, Maryland 	1
I'm at Curry &amp; Beer in Berlin 	1
Bye bye SanFrancisco, it’s time to back to Japan (´；ω；`) (at @flysfo in San Francisco, CA)  	0
See our latest #Auburn, WA #job and click to apply: Package Delivery Driver -  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Brunch with my gang of boys today 👦🏼👶🏻👶🏼 at our fave -  @TCKBrixham // That's baked eggs and… 	0
I'm at The Edge in Al Mansoura, Daqahlia 	0
I'm at Central BBQ Grill in San Pedro, Laguna w/ @pogihernandez 	0
See our latest #MissionViejo, CA #job and click to apply: Store Team Member -  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at Big Boss in İzmir 	1
See a virtual tour of my listing on 3S241 Mulberry Lane #GlenEllyn #IL  #realestate  	0
I'm at @ForumTrabzonAvm in Trabzon 	1
Join the Kelly Services team! See our latest #job opening here:  #KellyJobs #KellyServices #Manufacturing #Hiring	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: STORE MANAGER in Tamaroa, IL -  #Retail #Tamaroa, IL #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Lakeville, MA?  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Just posted a photo @ Universal Studios Hollywood 	1
There are 22 fashion events on tomorrow in London! 	1
See our latest #CharterTownshipOfClinton, MI #job and click to apply: Server -  #serverlife #FOH #fastcasual	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Accounting Clerk -  #Sales #SanAntonio, TX #Hiring #CareerArc	0
every time Via hears other birds, whether from outside or the background of show/movie I’m… 	0
I mean it's good but I'm not convinced there's ANY pumpkin in this - Drinking a Chocolate Pumpkin by… 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Sr. Analyst, Pricing -  #BocaRaton, FL #Hiring	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Physical Therapist -  #Healthcare #Louisville, CO	1
Thanks to all our customers who picked up their 'Static NMD's', we are now sold out! #adidasnmd… 	1
clear sky -&gt; broken clouds temperature up 24°F -&gt; 31°F humidity down 79% -&gt; 66% wind 6mph -&gt; 8mph	0
@juliagouliah @Scavino45 @POTUS @realDonaldTrump lol. Will you still follow him when he's in a Federal Pen.	0
Got some great work with the fellas at sparring this morning🤙🏾🤙🏾🤙🏾💯 #hollywoodboxing #drivengym… 	1
meanwhile in nyc ❄️ #ootd @ SoHo, Manhattan 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Assistant Store Manager in Yellowstone National Park -  #Bozeman, MT #Veterans #Job	1
Thats love right there all the way from Tally to get chopp'd up, and he brought his partna with… 	1
Check out our #listing in #Avalon #NJ  #realestate #realtor  	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Industrial Hygiene and Environmental Compliance Specialist -  #SkilledTrade	1
Timothy Miller. Private - 10th Regiment, Tennessee Infantry Union… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Seasonal Stock Associate -  #Seasonal #Orlando, FL	1
When you've had a bad day/ week , I'd highly recommend hanging with my housemate Oz.… 	0
Tonight! Tonight! ‼️Caribbean Saturdays‼️ INFO • VIPS:… 	1
⭐️Everyday⭐️ We thank and support our military ❤️🇺🇸❤️Show us your military ID and receive 10%… 	0
Wordless Wednesday – Our First Carrot Harvest  #Nature 	0
See our latest #PaloAlto, CA #job and click to apply: Reprographics Clerk -  #Sales #Hiring #CareerArc	1
#AMJoy just started trending with 11142 tweets. More trends at  #trndnl	0
Moray Place #alexandergreekthomson @ 1-10 Moray Place 	0
If you're looking for work in #Orlando, FL, check out this #job:  #Veterinary #Assistant #Hiring #CareerArc	0
If you're looking for work in #RedOak, IA, check out this #job:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Clamp Truck Forklift Operator -  #SupplyChain #Hartwell, GA #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Inhale courage, exhale fear! . . . #nusapenida #travel #beach #bali #indonesia #vsco… 	1
#ibearound @ East Point, Georgia 	1
➍ Toronto Maple Leafs ➎ Leafs ➏ Chuck Mosley ➐ George Takei ➑ Gary Goddard ➒ Brett Ratner ➓ Eminem  2017/11/11 11:12 CST	0
current weather in Brunswick: overcast clouds, 58°F 82% humidity, wind 17mph, pressure 1028mb	0
Wow! Look @ this $1,607 Super score @ #GulfstreamWest (race #1): 	1
Skullie season...DM for purchase ...And look out for that 💯GO💀NS×timmydoughcompany collab COMING… 	0
Rey Mysterio @ Cow Palace 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Broomall, Pennsylvania?  #Engineering #Hiring #CareerArc	0
This past Labor Day, one of my beloved teachers died, Louise Hay. Although, I never met Louise,… 	1
I'm at Sam's Club in Tlalpan, Distrito Federal 	0
 ENJOY MY VIDEO	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Sales Associate -  #Retail #Friendswood, TX #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Thank you to our Veterans. 🙏 #veterans #usa #thankyou @ Sol Baby 	1
Vest szn ❄️ @ Bowling Green State University 	0
Just Listed in #NewSmyrnaBeach #FL. 0 River Road! Please retweet!   	1
#boobootoller poor me I have to stop licking my foot😢 thanks… 	0
So fun cooking at the Evening at the Market @StLawrenceMkt raising over $30k for @2ndharvestto… 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Psychiatrist - Locum Tenens -  #Psychiatry #SiouxCity, IA #Hiring	1
Interested in a #job in #Floyd, IA? This could be a great fit:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
current weather in Havana: scattered clouds, 27°C 74% humidity, wind 7kmh, pressure 1016mb	0
I'm at @Starbucks in Kuwait City, Al Asimah  	0
If you're looking for work in #GBR, check out this #job:  #SupplyChain #Veterans #Hiring #CareerArc	0
#Carpool #Montréal -&gt; #Edmonton #EdmontonCityCentre rideshare 1 Seat offered split costs 	0
'Taylor Swift' just started trending with 157022 tweets. More trends at  #trndnl	0
See our latest #Tavares, FL #job and click to apply: Truck Driver (Benefits) -  #Labor #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Good evening #Ceuta! Sun will set in 30 minutes (local time 18:16) #Sunset #Photo #Photography [11.11.2017]	1
When the 💇 seems to 🔊 like you've had too much 🛄, that's amore!	0
Nice picture captured just now by  swampjones in#Hamilton #ontario at the #collectiveartsbrewing… 	1
Smiling because I'm in the city that never sleeps, but laughing because I'm sleep deprived from… 	0
It’s the most wonderful time of the year! Pumpkin Pies really are he best prizes!… 	1
#poppies - at Plymouth’s #warmemorial - #remembranceday #armisticeday #weshallrememberthem… 	0
I’ma check this out today between 2-4pm if your in the area come say what’s up. @ Lancaster… 	1
Want to work in #Clarksville, TN? View our latest opening:  #Healthcare #RN #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Sales/ Business Development-Suffolk, NY -  #Sales #Suffolk, NY #Hiring	0
If you're looking for work in #ColoradoSprings, CO, check out this #job:  #MilSpouse #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We are all set up and ready for #dcon2017  find us at booth 314! @ DesignerCon 	0
Want a FREE YETI? 😁 See our previous post and get hunting! We’ve released the “notayeti” back… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Cook -  #restaurant #brunch #CasualDining #Olathe, KS	1
•Shooting time• 📸Foto: @davidclares ➡️Bike: “MoreniWaki” 🤟🏽Modelo: Rosita Power • #moto2 #cev… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Jacksonville, FL?  #FinTech #FinServ #Accounting… 	0
I'm at Taguatinga Shopping - @taguashopping in Brasilia, DF 	0
I'm at @KCStreetcar - Union Station in Kansas City, MO 	0
Today’s agenda: weekending with @saraheattaway 🥂 #rrjetsets @ Atlanta, Georgia 	0
Drinking a Phi by @AlvinneBeershop @ Pibar — 	0
I'm at Denny's in Taguig, NCR 	0
Other. Edward River (Mackenzie St, Conargo, NSW 2710) at 11 Nov 2017 18:54  #NSWRFS #Other #NSWFires	1
when you party everyday @ Chicago, Illinois 	1
Never regret a day in your life: good days give happiness, bad days… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Part Time Service Valet - Evenings -  #PartTime #EveningShift #Hiring	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Hair Stylist -  #Cosmetology #VanBurenCharterTownship, MI	1
Drinking a Nerd Choice by Ritual Lab  @ Luppolo Station — 	0
Take off out of Iceland 🇮🇸 A320 @ Southern Peninsula 	0
Happy Saturday... @ Wayne State, Detroit 	0
Happy Veterans Day to our real and true Heroes!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 @ W. H. Taylor Consulting 	1
happy feast day saint martin de tours. #vsco #vklee @ Basilica of Saint Martin De Tours Taal,… 	1
Want to work in #Jacksonville, FL? View our latest opening:  #CSXJobs #Veterans #IT #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
See our latest #Worthington, OH #job and click to apply: Retail Grassroots Rep -  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Nice sweet stout with a hint of hot pepper - Drinking a Mexican Stout by @ShipBottomBrew @ Ship Bottom Brewery  — 	1
See our latest #Columbus, OH #job and click to apply: Open Interviews -  #Manufacturing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
EKASI SATURDAY EXPERIENCE   #Shisanyama / #GoodMusic / #HookaBar /  #Fashion /… 	0
It was only a matter of time. 	1
current weather in Cincinnati: clear sky, 34°F 51% humidity, wind 3mph, pressure 1030mb	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: District Manager - Sacramento -  #AlwaysBeClosing #Sales CA #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
#breakfast of champions #chill in #japan travel #traveling #community #followme #vacation… 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Sls &amp; Srvc Coordinator - Klamath Falls, OR (Full-time / 40 hours) - 	0
EKASI SATURDAY EXPERIENCE   #Shisanyama / #GoodMusic / #HookaBar /  #Fashion /… 	0
Their winter brown ale is all kinds of roasty, toasty awesome. #roc #rocdish (@ Napa Wood Fired Pizza) 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Dishwasher - Restaurant Team Member -  #BostonMarket	1
Want to work in #Friendswood, TX? View our latest opening:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Want to work at Panera Bread? We're #hiring in #Columbia, SC! Click for details:  #parttime #Restaurant #Manager	1
Found these printable online amd printed out a set for each bathroom #diysquirrel #pottyhumor @… 	0
Me and my sis! @ Picture People 	1
Come drink the sonic nectar tonight LA tribe!! We will be having an 11:11 Cacao ceremony and… 	0
2019: Ex-Governor Gbenga Daniel’s aide, 50 others leave PDP for APC  via @todayng 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Mortgage Sales Manager NMLS - Murfreesboro/Knoxville Area -  #Banking #Knoxville, TN	1
I'm at CoffeePots in İstanbul 	1
Just posted a video @ Universal Studios Hollywood 	0
Fans #caifanesenconcierto #caifanesenelzocalo #bitácoradeunviajero #bitácoradeunforastero… 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Cybersecurity Consultant 3 - Payment Card Industry -  #Sales #Southfield, MI #Job	1
I'm at El Rise Steak House in İskenderun, Hatay 	0
Happy anniversary to the two in the middle! There are a lot of people that come in and out of my… 	1
For Science!!! #JusticeLeagueWorkout @ Nerdstrong Gym 	1
This #VeteransDay, we honor our Library Staff who has served in the military.  Portraits: Top… 	1
Join the #ChoiceHotels #Phoenix, AZ! See our latest #job opening here: #hotellife  #IT #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Alpharetta, GA?  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at Fairouz Garden in Khobar, Eastern 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Brea, CA?  #CustomerService #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Brunching with the girls 🍹 . . . #saturdaydoneright #potd #withmygirls #weekendspentwell… 	0
Early morning screening &amp; Q&amp;A for The Big Sick. Good thing there’s food. @ Harmony Gold Theater 	1
We hold 100% control of our personal decision to be happy. @ Runyon Canyon Park 	0
Party Time #visit #roadtrip #traveldiaries #naturegram #earthgallery #instafollow #backpacking… 	0
I'm at Blush Hair style Studio in Playa Del Carmen, Quintana Roo 	0
Want to work in #PlantCity, FL? View our latest opening:  #Cosmetology #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Hanging with Dozer (@ Stock Farm in Poway, CA) 	0
S/o @AtlGotTalent_ last night In #philly during artisthbtl  x @tkkravitz… 	0
That is one big pile of.........dirt #jurassicpark #jp #ianmalcolm #lifefindsaway #recreation @… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Shipping - Distribution -  #SupplyChain #Ennis, TX #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Pre Graps food (at @GostaGreenPub in Birmingham, West Midlands w/ @brownbrummie) 	0
See our latest #LittleRock, AR #job and click to apply: Extended Care Unit -  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Went up in a helicopter this morning. SO COOL. 🛬🛬 @ National Peanut Festival 	1
Want to work in #SanJose, CA? View our latest opening:  #Labor #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
#sanmartinoognimostodiventavino#saturdaynightfever#apero#singlelife#giaveno#novellowine#redwine… 	0
Healthy lunch with seafood and sauteed veggies. #travelingchef #chefcourtneybrown #chefcourt1… 	0
CABin it! Photo by tinyartdirectors @ Pratt Institute 	1
Christmas is coming 🎄🎄🎄 @ Galeries Lafayette 	0
Always grateful for our veterans and active military who have served the country and have… 	1
Have a Weekend that is full of enjoyment Guys ✌️ @ Ado-Ekiti 	1
happy late birthday to usa and sigma k i love u both dearly &lt;3 @ HappyHappyBirthday 	1
Start off the pre game right! @ The Pickwick Pharmacy and Soda Fountain 	0
Filling the life with the tiniest details   •   potrei passare la mia vita fotografando… 	0
Maya Lin at the Wall @ Vietnam Veterans Memorial 	0
Comparing straight Carrion with Cherry &amp; Vanilla variant. - Drinking an All I See Is Carrion (Ghost 530) by… 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Staff RN - Labor and Delivery -  #dtx #rn #healthcare	1
Strong sock game on Thursday thanks to happysocks @happysocks_uk #chef #cheflife #sockfetish… 	0
Interested in a #job in #TROY, MO? This could be a great fit:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: shift supervisor - Store# 13947, BLUFF RD. &amp; I-55 - 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? WORLDPAC OE Catalog Auto Parts Specialist -  #Marketing #Newark, CA #Hiring	1
I'm at Jones Beach State Park in Wantagh, NY 	0
Frioooo en Roselle, New Jersey 	1
Driving on the beach! @ Longest Beach in Washington 	1
Let’s play a game - Name the Manhattan SC fan braving the frigid temps in Maryland this weekend.… 	0
There is no better time than now. This era is the greatest era to be alive. So much opportunity… 	1
⒈ #TerhaHaiParMeraHai ⒉ #MineWords ⒊ #اب_میں_بولوں_یا_نہ_بولوں ⒋ #WardhaSaleem ⒌ #MissVeet2017 ⒍ Peshawar Zalmi ⒎ S… 	0
I Promise u ain’t nobody fuxkin wit Her britli_g05 her cuts and styles are unique!!! Hollar at… 	0
I'm at Tagaytay City in Cavite 	1
Visit cbrooney, me &amp; the rest of your @rousesmarkets Tchoup New Orleans krewe for our Holiday… 	0
Want to work at VCUHS? We're #hiring in #Richmond, VA! Click for details:  #Healthcare #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
@Two4ourtyTwo "DIRTY LAUNDRY" video out now feat. @_pinkiepromise @TrustInJusticeJ  #shotbyraz… 	1
I'm at Kader's Home 👒  	1
I'm at Be fit 	1
Thanks to all who have served and continue to serve! Proud to work… 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Sales Representative -  #NowHiring #Sales #Chicago, IL #Hiring	1
Drinking an A Moment of Clarity - GBG Beer Week 2017 by @beerbliotek @ Oliver Twist — 	0
Snow has arrived to our NTNUi sports club student cabin, located 450 meters above sealevel! 😃 @… 	0
❤️🍷❤️ @ Belvoir Winery and Inn 	0
I'm at Gables Cleaners in Neptune City, NJ 	0
Interested in a #job in #Columbus, OH? This could be a great fit:  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
See our latest #Arlington, VA #job and click to apply: Scheduling/Registration Clerk, Radiology -  #Clerical	0
Gotta do the #droneselfie dance y’all #mavicpro #suzuki #workingonaweekend @ Pepsi Center WTC 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Store Manager - BJ'S - York, PA -  #Retail #York, PA #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Want to work in #Erie, PA? View our latest opening:  #Seasonal #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
11/11/2017 - 11:45 Temp: 59.2F   Hum:  55% Wind: 2.0 mph Baro: 30.243in. &amp; Falling Rain: 0.00 in. 	0
When you just gotta take break!!! #jamaica #tropicalbaybeach #beach #montegobay @ Tropical Beach 	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: STORE MANAGER CANDIDATE in Pittsfield, IL -  #Retail #Pittsfield, IL	0
To all Veterans and Active Duty members, thank you for your service. As a thank you from us,… 	1
Movie + Dinner !!! @ The Starling 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Pharmacy Technician -  #Healthcare #Manchester, NH #Hiring #CareerArc	1
If you're looking for work in #Guadalajara, Jal., check out this #job:  #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Just posted a photo @ Pinewood Atlanta Studios 	0
Want to work at Robert Half Technology? We're #hiring in #Sandy, UT! Click for details:  #Sales #Job #Jobs	1
Join the Robert Half Technology team! See our latest #job opening here:  #BusinessMgmt #Dublin, CA #Hiring	1
Interested in a #job in #Canton, GA? This could be a great fit: #hiring #career  #CareerArc	0
I'm at 360° @Mall360 in Kuwait City, Al Asimah 	0
Watching matthewgarro play ⚽️ @ Manhasset Valley Park 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Location Health, Safety and Environmental Coordinator -  #cintasjobs #HR	0
I'm at Shopping @IguatemiPoa in Porto Alegre, RS, RS 	0
Accordion to research 9 out of 10 people don’t notice when you replace a word with a musical instrument.	0
If you're looking for work in #Buford, GA, check out this #job:  #Cosmetology #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Want to work at MDLZ? We're #hiring in #Chicago, IL! Click for details:  #Manufacturing #CareerArc	1
#LOVE this place 😋#foodporn (at @LochFyneUk in Portsmouth, Hampshire)  	0
2,173,433 people could have seen #OluwaVideo since its 1st mention until it became a Trending Topic. #trndnl	0
My love❤ @ Boiler Shop 	1
I'm at MUG coffee house  	1
Father's Day dinner #Finland #fathersday #dinner #food #fancy #Tampere @ Tillikka 	1
Want to work in #Burlington, ON? View our latest opening:  #Clerical #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Tailgate prep for Clemson / FSU game today! #biggreenegg #chickenlegs #lowandslow @ Greenville,… 	1
On board cam 🏎🏎🏎 #1d #_wg #centralfeed #gang_family #GetInstaLike #hot #ig_shots #igaddict… 	0
Phil &amp; Katie copped the first set today! Don't miss out 1 of 50 only! 🍻💙👌🔥 @ JDub's Brewing… 	1
“I can’t change who I am. Not this time, I won’t lie to keep you near me. And in the short… 	0
Condo for #rent in Bankview, Inner-City, SW, 1 bedrooms - $$1300.00. Available Immediate  Calgary	0
clear sky -&gt; snow temperature up 29°F -&gt; 31°F humidity up 33% -&gt; 36%	0
#athensmarathon  #takecharge  adidasrunnersdubai 😊😍 @ Odeon of Herodes Atticus 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Atlanta, GA?  #Engineering #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at @MadRoosterCafe in West Milwaukee, WI 	1
At Setiabudi One [pic] — 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Portland, OR?  #Hospitality #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Interested in a #job in #Glendale, CA? This could be a great fit:  #Healthcare #Hiring	0
😍😍 em Astoria Boulevard 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Java Developer -  #Sales #SantaBarbara, CA #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
See our latest #Bothell, WA #job and click to apply: Entry level Customer Service Agent -  #CustomerService #Hiring	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Bilingual Spanish Retail Sales Consultant -  #Retail #WestValleyCity, UT #Job #Jobs	1
See our latest #LakeHavasuCity, AZ #job and click to apply: Line Cook -  #LineCook #Cook #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: UI/UX Designer &amp; Developer -  #Marketing #Boston, MA	1
Interested in a #job in #Rockford, MI? This could be a great fit:  #NowHiring #SupplyChain #Hiring	0
I'm at Meat U Anywhere in Grapevine, TX 	0
Wind 4.5 mph SSW. Barometer 29.99 in, Falling slowly. Temperature 36.0 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 77%	1
See our latest #Tacoma, WA #job and click to apply: Dietitian NICU Per Diem - Franciscan System Services - 	1
Wind 0.0 mph N. Barometer 1011.7 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 7.2 °C. Rain today 0.0mm. Humidity 89%	0
Temp: 15.2°C Wind: 1kph Pressure: 1010.4hpa Rising slowly Rain Today 0.0mm.  Dew: 8.4°C InTemp: 26.4°C	0
See our latest #Portland, OR #job and click to apply: Manager, Electrical Engineering, Power Supply Eng.... - 	0
I'm at @TGIFridays in Mechanicsburg, PA  	1
See our latest #Wayne, PA #job and click to apply: Electrician -  #SkilledTrade #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Silverdale, WA?  #Hiring #CareerArc	0
If you're looking for work in #Burien, WA, check out this #job:  #Healthcare #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Happy Saturday everyone! CLOSE UP NO FILTER....more of our Chiwee’s Classic Fall theme🍁🍂 all… 	1
Interested in a #job in #SanAntonio, TX? This could be a great fit:  #Labor #Hiring	0
Join the UPS team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Transportation #AlbertLea, MN #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Shitttttttttttttt.  🖤✨ Don’t sleep on this one.🔥 @ Boston, Massachusetts 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Substitute Teacher at Greensboro Charter Academy -  #Education #Teacher	1
See our latest #Vancouver, WA #job and click to apply: Seasonal Freight Associate (Early Morning) -  #Retail	1
I'm at @CherryStreet Coffee House in Seattle, WA 	0
Love this pic👌🏼👌🏼 @ Gravesend, Brooklyn 	1
Interested in a #job in #Beaumont, TX? This could be a great fit:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Steamed mussels for one appetizer. @ Columbia Restaurant - Ybor City 	1
Me happy. . . . #wanderlust #wanderluster #wanderlusting #theglobewanderer #traveladdict… 	1
Join the The Nature's Bounty Co. team! See our latest #job opening here:  #ProductMgmt #Bohemia, NY #Hiring	1
Late post #fiebredemalta #taptakeover #tiranobrewery #CDMX #baja #medal #lucius #americanstout… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Occupational Therapist PRN - Morrison, IL -  #Nursing	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Insurance Agent -  #Insurance #SouthHolland, IL #Hiring #CareerArc	1
You pick your own wine by literally by climbing down into an underground cellar. #wine #cellar… 	0
Nights like this. #towerdistrict #vscocam @ Tower Theatre 	1
Estates of Sunnybrook wedding.    #estatesofsunnybrook  #brides… 	1
Bookends loudogg48 @titanicdinosaur @ Ojai, California 	0
The news. @utashorthorn @ The University of Texas at Arlington 	1
Papped at #thelordmayorsshow     💛🐾 @ Lord Mayor Show 	0
Just posted a video @ Centennial Park 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Store Counter Sales -  #Charlotte, NC #Hiring #CareerArc	1
📈 "MotoGP" is trending today on Google Malaysia (2000+ searches) 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Store Team Member -  #Retail #NewBedford, MA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Strawberry Cream Crepe for brunch. #whollycrepe #buffalo #mainstreetbuffalo #universitydistrict… 	0
Don't miss this amazing volunteer opportunity today. #homelessoutreach #skidrow #Repost… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Highland, IN? This could be a great fit:  #Cosmetology #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Luce d'autunno  #Valmenotre #Foligno #Umbria  #Trekking #appennino #parcodicolfiorito… 	0
See our latest #NorthLasVegas, NV #job and click to apply: Pharmacy Technician -  #Healthcare #Hiring #CareerArc	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: L&amp;D -  #Nursing #Bentonville, AR #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Interested in a #job in #Pleasanton, CA? This could be a great fit:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Our first day in Rome is coming to a end. We got some wonderful pictures of this beautiful city.… 	1
Whole Lotta #KlanShxt 🤘 Whole Lotta #FanLove 🎧🎶💯 @ Brevard County,… 	0
Want to work at Charles Schwab? We're #hiring in #Austin, TX! Click for details:  #IT #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
#iphonex #iphoneography #lightroom #boston @ New England Aquarium 	1
I'm at Up Lost Pub &amp; Performance in Ankara 	1
🎵"If you go down to the woods today" 🎶 Gorgeous #autumn #leaves #colours #torrentwalk near my… 	0
I'm at Tipsy Pig in Taguig city 	1
White is the new black @ Pulpit Rock Open Space 	1
S/0 to my ace @1djtmoney  J lounge was lit @ Fulton County, Georgia 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Delivery Driver -  #DeliveryDriver #Acton, MA #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Parts Delivery - #hiring #career  #Cary, NC #CareerArc	1
See our latest #Hartford, VT #job and click to apply: Service Employee II-Regulated $1000.00 Sign On /... - 	0
Wind 5.3 mph NW. Barometer 1012.3 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 8.7 °C. Rain today 4.2 mm. Humidity 40%	1
New twist on an old favorite 📷 @ Indianapolis, Indiana 	1
Want to work at AT&amp;T? We're #hiring in #Madison, WI! Click for details:  #Sales #Job #Jobs	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Fishkill, NY?  #Hiring #CareerArc	0
@NekomimiScience seems to be a pattern but I can't quite figure it out 🤔	0
😀 👍🏼 Good Morning MADRID 🇪🇸 To start a day with a lot of Energy 💪🏼 a couple of Matcha Green Tea… 	0
With @modsalih &amp; @altrki93 (@ Cafes's Club) 	0
Guess who’s had a few drinkies @ Balmoral Road 	1
Join the Mercy team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Nursing #FortSmith, AR #Hiring #CareerArc	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Supervisor, Nursing PCAM -  #BusinessMgmt #Westfield, MA #Job #Jobs	1
We made a trip to Brussels. #crepes @ Brussel's Cafe 	1
If you're looking for work in #LakeCity, FL, check out this #job:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Cleared: Incident on #2Line from 42nd Street-Times Square Station to 72nd Street Station	1
Incident on #US19 NB at Delancey St 	0
Crepes!! Yum!! #portlandfarmersmarket @ Portland Farmers Market 	1
Certainly would pursue food blogging as alternate passion in the parallel world #foodlover… 	1
Got wrist vicorefitness  . . @ Fitness For 10 - LV at Rainbow 	1
Want to work in #Liverpool, NY? View our latest opening:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Procedure Technician II - Endoscopy Center -  #Healthcare #DesPeres, MO	1
Want to work at Caribou Coffee? We're #hiring in #LasVegas, NV! Click for details:  #Hospitality #Job #Jobs	1
The boys are back👑✨ @ Tailgating Spot/ Papa Johns Cardinal Stadium 	0
I've been followed from @leetheonlyone (ID: 261538972 )	0
I'm at Pit Stop Universitario in Presidente Prudente, SP 	0
Looking forward to the B2B #Marketing Exchange event @  Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Phoenix AZ 19-21 Feb 2018 #B2BMX #B2B #sales #business	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Material Handler I -  #Manufacturing #Ontario, CA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I need you, please you RT this info  	0
Drinking a Town Crier by @hobsonsbrewery @ Admiral Benbow —  #photo	0
76% of the United Arab Emirates's Trends for Friday 10 were hashtags:  #trndnl	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Sr. Technical Analyst Security -  #IT #Mississauga, ON	1
If you're looking for work in #Austin, TX, check out this #job:  #Healthcare #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at Hawthorne at the Ridge in Madison, AL 	1
I'm at aizome ichiba w/ @vanefujihara 	0
🤗💑❤️ (at @BuffaloGrill in Saint-Saturnin, France) 	0
Missing you🎠 @ Seoul, South Korea 	0
Want to work in #CherryHill, NJ? View our latest opening:  #Automotive #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Murder on the Orient Express (@ Regal Cinemas Bowie 14 - @regalmovies for Murder on the Orient Express in Bowie, MD) 	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Management Trainee Beaver and New Castle -  #BusinessMgmt #Beaver, PA	1
Ironbridge was pretty!!! 😄 thanks tim.warwick xxoxoxoxoxox #trees #gorge #landscape #river… 	1
THE COURAGE BAR our Pineapple and Coconut Soap with Turmeric! POP SOAP AT WINTER EXTRAVAGANZA!… 	0
And that’s a wrap! 3 wins, 1 draw, 2 losses. A first league game win for the L3, some goal… 	1
Interested in a #job in #Cambridge, ON? This could be a great fit:  #InvestmentBanking #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Bonding with my #lovebug at the hippest new #coffeeshop in town. Life just got a whole new level… 	1
I'm at @MoheganSun for Lady Gaga in Uncasville, CT 	0
Had to cut my trail run short, made a stop at the gym for some high volume leg workout #GymJunky… 	0
Nicest salad I made over the summer. It's the last photo of food I haven't shared in my phone… 	0
I'm at Angelo Caputo's Fresh Market in Elmwood Park, IL 	0
Grass fire in #Lenexa on I-435 SB after I-35 #KCtraffic 	0
Not bad like @ Felmoor Park 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Mansfield, TX?  #IT #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Part Time Retail Sales Consultant -  #Retail #ManhattanBeach, CA #Hiring	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #RowlandHeights, CA?  #CustomerService #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at VOL.1 in Kuwait 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Beauty Consultant -  #Retail #Stoneham, MA #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Assistant Store Manager - Saucony -  #Retail #Kittery, ME #Hiring	1
Join the Envision team! See our latest #job opening here:  #TraumaSurgeon #Kissimmee, FL #Hiring #CareerArc	1
SP6SK-8 first detected 2017-11-11 18:22:09Z from 67-200, Poland (29513m AGL). 	0
Busy #saturday moving the studio around to make space for new toys arriving next week. #design… 	1
Basketball with Anna and watching turtles with Joey. (@ Lake Betty Park in Port Charlotte, FL w/ @danabriscoe79) 	1
See our latest #Bradenton, FL #job and click to apply: Carpenters, Construction Workers, Laborers -  #Hiring	0
Want to work at Applebee's? We're #hiring in #Mansfield, OH! Click for details:  #Hospitality #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
The captain is blowing some glass before he heads out to Eastern Oregon. Stores open as well… 	1
Drinking an Ein Kolsch by @dbbrewingco at @dbbrewingco — 	0
Interested in a #job in #CottageGrove, MN? This could be a great fit:  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
When the kevlar is still sweaty from the last shift 😫 • 📸:NBKPhotography • #haltonpolice… 	1
Alert: MOTOR VEHICLE COLLISION @ GANDY BL N/I275-UNDER Tac: G Sent: E13 E14 	0
As I’m making #chicken #soup for us  to have after the wake, out of nowhere lands this dried out… 	0
A little #sketchbooknostalgia with this band poster idea that I still think is cool for… 	1
Your everything @onetruelntangir #model #actress #godess #hair #makeup #beauty #poise #love… 	0
Join the Rexel C&amp;I team. One company for a world of solutions. #hiring  #energy #innovation #SupplyChain #Miami, FL	1
Want to work at pep? We're #hiring in #EnglewoodCliffs, NJ! Click for details:  #Marketing #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Unassigned Store Manager -  #StoreManager #Victoria, TX	1
Drinking a Smores Blonde Ale by @BlueBlazeBrew at @tracksidecrafts —  #photo	0
#Carpool #Boston -&gt; #NewYork Am looking to get dropped off in Stamford, CT. along the way to NYC. split costs take… 	0
Want to join us? We're #hiring in #Rockford, IL! Click for details:  #Manufacturing #CareerArc	1
Shooting with @anushka_arora and koalafilmz day 1! #mansk #anushkaarora #babymama #panjabirapper… 	1
Join the HCR ManorCare team! See our latest #job opening here:  #PRN #DearbornHeights, MI #Hiring #CareerArc	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Delivery Driver -  #Transportation #Belmont, NC #Hiring #CareerArc	0
See our latest #Maumee, OH #job and click to apply: Retail Sales Consultant -  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Fair 35 F at Pittsburgh - Allegheny County Airport, PA: Winds are SE at 4.6 MPH (4 KT). Pressure: 1031.5 mb Humidit… 	0
Receiving Quilt - #Military #American #Quilt #VeteransDay @ Henderson Convention Center 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Catering-Coordinator -  #parttime #Catering #Washington, PA #Veterans	1
Interested in a #job in #Columbus, OH? This could be a great fit:  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Last night was so much fun! Thanks for the invite artbeatsandlyrics ! So many great artist ,… 	1
I'm at Park II Apartments in Minneapolis, MN 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Cook -  #Restaurant #Walton, KY #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
If you're looking for work in #LosAngeles, CA, check out this #job:  #Healthcare #Hiring #CareerArc	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: NET Development Tech Lead - Applied Technology - Tax - 14267 -  #Microsoft	1
These are the seized and lost goods that Devon and Cornwall Police force is flogging on eBay - just in time for a C… 	0
Need to clean the mirror lol. 	1
keeping it together is no different than the alternative, aesthetically speaking @ Algarve 	0
Who want one..... On deck rite now.... Halla at the boy..... @ Broward County, Florida 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Phoenix, OR?  #Physician #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Join the Starbucks team! See our latest #job opening here:  #CustomerService #Rochester, MI #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Drinking a Farmhouse IPA #3 NC (Nelson Sauvin, Citra) by @cyclicbeerfarm @ La Rovira — 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Director of ERP and Operations -  #SupplyChain #LosAngeles, CA #Hiring	1
We made it to Twisted for the Taiyaki dessert - a fish made from pancake batter and topped with… 	0
Want to work in #Glastonbury, CT? View our latest opening:  #PrepCook #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
shower rain -&gt; broken clouds temperature up 25°C -&gt; 30°C humidity down 94% -&gt; 70% wind 2kmh -&gt; 3kmh	0
From this summer @ work. @ Villa Il Poggiale 	1
Want to work in #Columbus, OH? View our latest opening:  #Sales #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Such a proud dad! All three of my little champions passed the test and got their green belts… 	1
love the life i live with this beautiful woman ❤️ @ Liechtenstein,vaduz 	1
A few of our sisters partnered with Sig Tau this morning in volunteering with Into the Streets!… 	0
X Gon’ Give It To Ya  song of the day #2 for @jakwanhorton23 be sure to add me on snapchat	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Mortgage Loan Officer - Peabody Ma -  #Sales #Peabody, MA #Hiring	1
See our latest #PalmBay, FL #job and click to apply: Executive Director -  #BusinessMgmt #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Home Health Registered Nurse (RN) -  #Nursing #Griffin, GA	1
HONORING ALL WHO SERVED 100 Years of the American Veteran 10am Sat Nov. 11, 2017 Sacramento VA… 	0
can’t stop admiring these gorgeous carrots from the #oregonfoodbank 🥕 - - - - - - #NEFP… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Houston, TX?  #Education #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Getting locked in for tomorrow’s semi-final game at 8:30 am against… 	0
Art studio at night when you leave out a plate of cookies. 🍪🍪#sipandpaint #artonsedgwick… 	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Night Baker -  #parttime #Baker #Bakery #Eureka, MO #Veterans #Hiring	0
Progression Fitness Training… The Trainer  	0
En route to KDEN for #SC17. This place takes the cake for teensy-weensiest commercial airport I've ever flown... 	0
So great to see the kids yesterday and to watch Claire perform in… 	1
Rustic dining inspiration featuring solid pine on engineered tops.  Multi step lacquer finish… 	1
Gotta love that lake snow effect! #firstsnowrun @ Chicago, Illinois 	1
#Party this way to the beautifully decorated rooms for the #Birthday celebration tonight… 	1
I'm at Flia. Mora Gonzalez 🏡💑 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Washington, DC?  #cyberspace #STEM #Database #Hiring	0
More fitness snaps guys @ Planet Fitness 	0
713_wraping didn’t make the cut. @ Bayou Graphix 	0
I'm at Lincoln Memorial - @natlparkservice in Washington, DC 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Mammographer -  #Healthcare #Parker, CO #CareerArc	1
UNFPA calls for effective law enforcement against female genital mutilation 	1
Just posted a photo @ Siesta Beach 	0
Understanding your employment rights can be difficult with laws that seem so complicated.… 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Certified Nursing Assistant / CNA - Columbus, NC - $100 sign-on bonus -  #Nursing	1
Wind 0 mph ---. Barometer 1006.0 mb, Falling slowly. Temperature 7.9 °C. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 86%	1
Tmp 56.1F Wd 0.0 S Gst 16.0 Bar 30.086 Falling Wd Chl 55.9F Prec 0.00	0
Temp 5.5°C. Wind 0.2mph, WSW. Barometer 1012.2mb, Rising slowly. Rain today 3.2mm. Humidity 75% Forecast Fairly fine, showers likely	1
Want to work at Four Seasons Resort O‘ahu at Ko ...? We're #hiring in #Kapolei, HI! Click for details:  #Job	1
It’s never too early to get your list in!!! #nicelist #santapicture #disneyworld @ Disney Springs 	0
Too late for canoeing this year @ Humber River 	0
Touring queens #getoutside @ Queens Museum 	0
Day 2 of Austin International Drag Festival with the Kings showcase! I'm so glad I remembered to… 	1
Join the Otterbein Senior Lifestyle Choices team! See our latest #job opening here:  #LimaOH #Wapakoneta #Nursing	1
These two are cray! Sometimes they’re sweet to one another and then other days... it’s war!… 	1
I'm at Etiler Marmaris 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Registered Nurse RN - Nurse Manager - Home Infusion - Sign On Bonus. - 	1
Quote of the day 11/11/17 #beboldbeuma #uma #marissamayer #yahoo #yahooceo #motherhoodmagazine… 	0
Gabe loves his crepe! @ Brussel's Cafe 	1
It’s game day #NDSU (@ Fargodome - @fdome for South Dakota Coyotes Football at North Dakota State Bison Football) 	0
Want to work in #lonoke, arkansas ? View our latest opening:  #Transportation #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Todays artist #linkinpark #ripchesterbennington #goodvibes #bmorelikevicdailyplaylist @… 	0
Source(s):  Link back:  e621 ID: 888121 Artist(s): dawmino 	0
See our latest #Rockford, TN #job and click to apply: Sales Representative - Facility Services -  #cintasjobs #Sales	1
The ting goes.... @ London, United Kingdom 	0
Interested in a #job in #Columbus, OH? This could be a great fit:  #covellijobs #Hospitality #Hiring	0
Join the Federal-Mogul Motorparts team! See our latest #job opening here:  #ProductMgmt #MarylandHeights, MO	1
I know it’s November now but I still haven’t posted this sooooooo… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Norwalk, CA? This could be a great fit:  #Retail #Hiring	0
I'm at McDonald's in Guatemala City, Guatemala 	0
See our latest #Matawan, NJ #job and click to apply: barista - Store# 47413, ABERDEEN RTE 34 -  #CustomerService	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Meat Team Member Part Time -  #Retail #Novato, CA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
#VAMAatelier#futuristic#fashion#haute#couture#fashion#with#technology#by#sourav… 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Inventory Associate -  #Retail #Cincinnati, OH #CareerArc	1
Gianluigi Buffon says ‘no panic’ as Italy on brink of World Cup disaster  via @todayng 	0
✌America. I'll holler in a few. @ John Glenn Columbus International Airport 	1
Want to work in #Lakeland, FL? View our latest opening:  #KellyJobs #KellyServices #Education #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
had ourselves a night part 2 @ Bryant University 	0
Crepes &amp; Waffles Usaquen #CrepesYWaffles is #nowplaying Me And Mrs. Jones by #AndreSarbib #cubevenue	0
football season you'll be missed😢❤️ @ Marcus Football Stadium 	0
💀 @ National Museum of Health and Medicine 	0
See our latest #Theodore, AL #job and click to apply: Store Manager -  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Teaching Assistant- Hr -  #Education #Houston, TX #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Join the Starbucks team! See our latest #job opening here:  #CustomerService #Wilsonville, OR #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Tuna casserole and cornbread @ Newark, New Jersey 	0
@PaulDMiller2 All Quiet on the Western Front is a good one, I’ve heard.	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #DownersGrove, IL?  #dialysis #HR #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Think me and @mrsgcoyle are in for a good night!!! #revolutiondecuba #cocktail #pineapple… 	1
Interested in a #job in #Mason, OH? This could be a great fit:  #cintasjobs #Sales #Hiring #CareerArc	0
If cities were people Dubai would be the woman with the biggest breasts and would definitely co-star in a Real Housewives reality show	1
Time to fly (@ Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport - @no_airport in Kenner, LA)… 	0
I'm at @Equinox Sports Club Orange County in Irvine, CA 	1
See our latest #Southborough, MA #job and click to apply: Engineering Co-Op -  #Engineering #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at Bagel Boy in Sioux Falls, SD 	0
More visitors ♡♡ #Praga #Praha #CzechRepublic #Europe #Vacation #Winter #Castle #Landscape… 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: barista - Store# 04955, OXFORD &amp; WHARNCLIFFE-LONDON -  #CustomerService #London, ON	1
Why can't females for once act like like they don't have no fucking sense? This fucking week… 	0
Join the Meijer team! See our latest #job opening here:  #NowHiring #CustomerService #GrandRapids, MI #Hiring	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Austin, TX?  #Healthcare #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Interested in a #job in #OceanCity, MD? This could be a great fit:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
New set I show with jacquidaniels dropping on suicidegirls next month. I'm pretty pumped about… 	1
Vibes!!!  Big up @carlamarieuk @girlsirate &amp; the whole team!   An absolute pleasure to of been… 	1
I'm at G's Inner Sanctum 	1
I'm at The @MitreHotel1 in Manchester, Greater Manchester 	0
36 year dream come true! With my love! #gocubsgo #anniversary #5 @ Wrigley Field 	1
White tattoos on a gorgeous girl’s hoof!!   #worldfamousvintagetattoo #vintagetattoo… 	1
Drinking an Airfield IPA by 1940's Brewing Company  @ Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum — 	0
Yess, Bordeaux treats us well ☺️ @ Bibibap 	1
Today we remember our heroes with gratitude and with thanksgiving to God for our blessed… 	1
✰ ✰ A disco ball and a cowboy take on formal ✰ ✰ @ PARTY TIME 	0
If you're looking for work in #Exton, PA, check out this #job:  #management #Management #Hiring	0
Had to pull up @CarolinesOnBway &amp; show my guys Chris Jarell @ChillRell, Kenny Warren… 	0
What more could I ask for on 11/11 11-11-17?!?!💫✨💫 #happiness #complete #1111 #makeawish… 	1
If you're looking for work in #NewHaven, CT, check out this #job:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: STORE MANAGER in ADAMS, MA -  #Retail #Adams, MA #CareerArc	1
This Wiz tape is ultra mid	1
#Awaitingதலതലತಲಾఅజిత్अजीत58 just started trending with 58989 tweets. More trends at 	0
What a winning town looks like. Congratulations! #newbremencardinals #statechampions @ Wright… 	1
Chasing the sunset . . . #CastrolPower1 #HondaCRF250Rally #FWDlife #wheelstory #marioiroth… 	0
If you're looking for work in #SanFrancisco, CA, check out this #job:  #Engineering #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Interested in a #job in #WarnerRobins, GA? This could be a great fit:  #BoozAllen #BusinessMgmt #Veterans #Hiring	0
Just posted a photo @ France 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Retail Clerk (Part-Time)- W Hill Rd, Flint Mi -  #CustomerService #Flint, MI	1
Post run snack @starbucks. @ Starbucks 	0
First coffee in weeks!!!! Oh yeah, and I got my BQ!! #FlyVA #runrichmond @ Richmond Marathon 	1
Just take the time to look and nature gives great surprises. @ Cove Spring Park 	1
Join the Kelly Services team! See our latest #job opening here:  #KellyJobs #KellyServices #Engineering #Hiring	1
Ayyy, can’t believe it’ll be 15yrs  in 2018!! Should we reissue?? | #Repost… 	0
Saturday open Noon-Midnight  Had a great time @statebrewingco and @monkishbrewing yesterday!… 	1
Stall. right shoulder blocked. in #KansasCity on I 470 EB at Raytown Rd #KCtraffic 	1
So we are waaaay behind this week, however, we would like to offer our veterans 50% off their… 	0
Enter into the red brick building and up the passageways from Door 1 to the lovely room for… 	1
I'm at Cebu City Sports Complex 	1
current weather in Henderson: clear sky, 68°F 24% humidity, wind 7mph, pressure 1019mb	0
Saturday’s like today are my fave!🙌🏻Started my day off with some hot yoga yogapodwaco then… 	1
A hell of a shirt @ Vancouver Convention Centre 	0
Want to work in #Bridgeport, WV? View our latest opening:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
#thepeoplesceilidh #blairgowrie #blairgowrietownhall discoverblairgowrie listening to… 	0
See our latest #Claremore, OK #job and click to apply: Maintenance 2nd Class -  #SkilledTrade #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at Envy Dance Club in Singapore 	1
Senator Ndume Reacts To Court Order Reinstating Him 	0
#deer and #squirrel play #hidenseek and generally spook each other. @ Bethesda, Maryland 	0
MTF Representation Roundtable!! Women/Trans*/Non-Binary/Gender Non-Conforming @mtfmusicals… 	1
“Art museums are intriguing. It’s just a fact” -my dad @ The Andy… 	1
The only good thing about the wind at the Cenotaph for the Remembrance Day ceremony was it made… 	0
Being a #newyorktourist #google #smile @ New York, New York 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Seasonal Sales Associate - Woodburn Prem Outlts -  #Seasonal #Woodburn, OR	1
Opening night 👍 #BLOS #Burnley #jekyllandhyde @ Burnley Mechanics 	0
If you're looking for work in #Chicago, IL, check out this #job:  #Accounting #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Interested in a #job in #Fremont, CA? This could be a great fit:  #Clerical #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Healing Through the Chakras  	0
Join the Department of Veterans Affairs team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Physician #NewOrleans, LA #Hiring	1
The city that never sleeps #NoFilterNeeded @ Empire State Building 	0
@NekomimiScience @technololigy foxgirls are superior	1
#thedisasterartist @ Boyle Heights, Los Angeles 	0
I asked my friend @kas_1979 of atelier32jewellery for a 2nd silver ring to stack with the one I… 	0
@aluminumcuffs this	1
Want to work at WHBM? We're #hiring in #Houston, TX! Click for details:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
After all this food, I'm gonna be dragon's! #tasteofyarmouth #Yarmouth #Massachusetts #CapeCod… 	0
Huey in Pikeville, KY on display for Vererans Day. #huey #hellicopter #veteransday #vietnam… 	0
Join the Fresenius Medical Care team! See our latest #job opening here:  #dialysis #Healthcare #CoonRapids, MN	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #MenloPark, CA?  #Accounting #Hiring #CareerArc	0
@MoysPhillyMc Superb goal!	1
#pow #Hannover #Wrestling #veranstaltung #Catch #Gold @ Power of… 	0
Drinking a Beyond the Wall by @WylieBrewery @ La Birroteca —  #photo	0
Saturday morning is a perfect time to finish off some splined mortise and tenon joinery, isn't… 	0
Seriously so expectant for VISION SUNDAY tomorrow. And so excited to be sharing the preaching… 	1
Happy married life bro @ Kaduna State 	0
Want to work at INTEGRIS? We're #hiring in #OklahomaCity, OK! Click for details:  #ScrubLife #Healthcare #Job #Jobs	1
Into the tunnel 315/365 #365photochallenge #aphotoaday #kingswaytunnel #merseytunnel… 	0
#PalmillaBeach pool is #nowplaying Englishman in New York by #Sting #cubevenue	0
current weather in Montclair: haze, 67°F 63% humidity, wind 3mph, pressure 1017mb	0
Where is Cool Springs Wines &amp; Spirits delivering today???? Having a Holiday Party? We can help… 	1
I'm at Pinky Bar in Sestriere, TO 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Sr. Development Operations Engineer -  #BusinessMgmt #LakeMary, FL #Job #Jobs	1
I'm at Little Coal River Campground in WV 	1
Feel the inner peace, and the outer beauty🌅🌸 #sunset #time_lapse #sea #clouds #wonderful… 	1
I'm at South Surra in Kuwait city, Kuwait 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Parts Delivery -  #LosAngeles, CA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
See our latest #Spartanburg, SC #job and click to apply: Companion -  #Healthcare #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Want to work at HMSHost? We're #hiring in #Hebron, KY! Click for details:  #cook #Foodie #Hospitality #Job #Jobs	1
I'm at lucano 	1
I'm at Carnival in Donna, TX 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? shift supervisor - Store# 26652, MIDTOWN COMMONS - KNIGHTDALE -  #Hiring	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Winchester, VA?  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Scottsdale, AZ?  #Healthcare #Hiring #CareerArc	0
So excited! 😄 #johnbishop #wingingit @ Arena Birmingham 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Seasonal Stock Associate - Wellington Green -  #Seasonal	1
Temples and Churches. @ Palatine Hill 	1
Want to work at Noodles &amp; Co.? We're #hiring in #Mason, OH! Click for details:  #MilSpouse #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
See our latest #Muncie, IN #job and click to apply: Direct Support Professional -  #HealthWelfare #Hiring	0
With my gorgeous niece, thank you and I love you xxxxx #photo #family #niece #familyfun… 	1
Want to work in #Cary, NC? View our latest opening:  #Labor #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Happy Veteran's Day! We thank you and we honor you; today and every day. 🇺🇸 @ Quick Time… 	1
Drinking a Fresh Hop Double Ipa by Blewett Brewing @ Blewett Brewing Company —  #photo	0
current weather in Santa Monica: clear sky, 68°F 59% humidity, wind 2mph, pressure 1017mb	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: shift supervisor - Store# 08836, Frederick Trading... - 	1
Had a fun hike this morning with evester0427 and arte.richard and Ringo too! #fall #coolweather… 	1
1 hour before kickoff on Facebook. Yeahhhhhh (@ Rice Stadium in Houston, TX)  	1
Had a fun hike this morning with evester0427 and arte.richard and Ringo too! #fall #coolweather… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Night Baker -  #parttime #Baker #Bakery #Toledo, OH	1
The 1 year anniversary of the LesMoss Debut album - New Dreams // A lush fern gully soundscape… 	1
Afternoon coffee with the wife lady. @ Joe Van Gogh 	1
Got to see @newfoundglory last night thanks to my babe ryleygrayson 💜It was so cool to see a… 	1
Lunch with my babyluv (@ The West End Gastro Pub - @westend_houston in Houston, TX) 	0
Hi! Bench deload, easy 3x3 #thatshitwaslight #benchpress… 	1
💖💖our "ISABELLA" DRESSES have ARRIVED 🙌🙌🙌. . Colors:  Beige (Small, Large) Burgundy… 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Customer Service Agent Boston Logan Airport -  #CustomerService #Boston, MA #Job	1
“You must be my lucky star 'Cause you shine on me wherever you are...”💫 @delansalazar ✨ em… 	0
Had a great time this morning running in one of my favorite places, Hawthorn Park!  Surprised… 	1
#doubledigits 👟 @ Lady Bird Lake Hike and Bike Trail 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Hair Stylist -  #Cosmetology #Yorkville, IL #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Patio Heater Rentals 214-484-2489  @ The Bowden Events &amp; Weddings 	0
@vla_99 w/tha corner 3! @ Zelma Watson George Roller Skating Facilty 	1
Dropped off all of the awesome donations from the animal party last weekend! Big Thanks to… 	0
Just can't get right, because animal fur kills your t-shirts. #Rocky #pomeranian #saturdayvibes… 	0
Fishing. @ Geales, Notting Hill 	1
Looking to find her a forever home. I am currently un able to keeo her and feel awful. If anyone… 	1
EKASI SATURDAY EXPERIENCE   #Shisanyama / #GoodMusic / #HookaBar /  #Fashion /… 	0
Just posted a photo @ Biruta Comedorias Do Mar 	0
Mirror pic before going out last night 💕 #anniversarytrip @ Murphys,… 	0
A big sigh of relief and shouts of excitement here at #brunswickeruption. Picked for the 1st… 	1
Amazing week at the wonderful @chichesterft with milliondollaruk - stunning theatre, brilliant… 	1
Drinking a Miller Lite by @MillerCoors @ Paulus Pub — 	0
temperature up 75°F -&gt; 78°F humidity down 29% -&gt; 21% wind 5mph -&gt; 4mph	0
Join the Great Clips team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Cosmetology #Omaha, NE #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Join the Kelly Services team! See our latest #job opening here:  #KellyJobs #KellyServices #Manufacturing #Hiring	1
#holidayseason #prep Assembling hundreds of #giftboxes for everyone on your #giftlist! @ The Tea… 	0
Finesse game strong lol I know yall wondering how i got field passes to the UT football game. @… 	1
#newyork #metronorth #hx2017 @ Bridgeport station 	0
Easy auto financing in Atlanta Georgia  #atl #ga #atlanta #atlantaga… 	0
Want to work in #JeffersonCity, TN? View our latest opening:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Did you know that at Beulah Land (our hospitality base) we have a Film Lending Library?! 🍿🎥 We… 	1
Just posted a photo @ Horatio Todd's 	0
Pure. #MamasMeatballs #Fire #StayFresh @ Bistro Two Eighteen 	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Environmental Service Tech Per Diem - St Elizabeth Hospital -  #Hospitality	0
Joji should just stick to filthy Frank tbh	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Strategic Sourcing Analyst I -  #Finance #Falmouth, ME #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Want to work at Banfield Pet Hospital? We're #hiring in #Gaithersburg, MD! Click for details:  #VeterinaryPractice	1
Just posted a photo @ The Glam Suite 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Tax Accountant -  #Accounting #Nottingham, MD #Hiring #CareerArc	0
#ElfrethAlley @ Elfreth's Alley Museum 	0
This room...this fucking room... #bar #beats #people #drinks @ Square. 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? barista - Store# 08695, HWY 141 &amp; GRAVOIS -  #CustomerService #Fenton, MO	1
Reykjavik Day 2. Spent the day roaming around the city, taking in the sights. I feel like I'm in… 	1
⬜️⬛️⬜️⬛️⬜️🖤  . Missing every single moment with you. Like a happiness pill, like a bliss… 	0
LET’S GOOOOOOO! 🤘🏼 Come support your lady Broncos as we take on… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Waxhaw, NC? This could be a great fit:  #Automotive #Hiring #CareerArc	0
⒈ #WALvAUS ⒉ #IREvRSA ⒊ #Strictly2017 ⒋ #COYBIG ⒌ #PointlessCelebrities ⒍ Ivory Coast ⒎ Jonathan Davies ⒏ Springbok… 	0
⒈ Myanmar ⒉ #MIMMA5 ⒊ #AlphaBATinMY ⒋ Lazada ⒌ YAB PM ⒍ Zamihan ⒎ West ⒏ #DiaTv3 ⒐ Official Music Video ⒑… 	0
Join the Envision team! See our latest #job opening here:  #EMLIfe #Physician #Atmore, AL #Hiring #CareerArc	1
@PunIsHerRadio cubanlinkclk @eddiealvarado55 mr.oly22 mr.773chicago @Iqthepoet… 	0
I'm at @OnionCreekCafe in Houston, TX  	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Collections Specialist -  #Finance #Eagan, MN #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Interested in a #job in #Hershey, PA? This could be a great fit:  #Labor #Hiring #CareerArc	1
get a man who is willing to get off his bed as early as 3am just to cook for you😍 #foodie… 	0
#weatherhutton #essex Becoming fine Temp 7.4°C Humid 93% Wind 0.0mph --- Baro 1011.99 hPa Rising slowly Rain Today 5.8mm	0
Tonight it's #LilSicc! Next Saturday it's the #PurplePassion Party! Never miss an event! Make… 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Home Health LPN -  #Nursing #Tacoma, WA #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
This one sneaked up on me and was so nice. - Drinking a Plum Porter by Hilltop Brewing Co. @ The Rusty Barrel  — 	1
Stall. left shoulder blocked. in #Shawnee on I-35 SB after Shawnee Mission Pkwy #KCtraffic 	1
Check out our newest listing in #Kennesaw! Tell us what you think!  #realestate  	0
Updated: Construction on #SawMillRiverParkway NB from Exit 33 - Roaring Brook Road to Exit 34 - South Croton Avenue 	0
✌ Do we need to teach children joined-up handwriting? - 	1
I'm at Tobias House in Toronto, ON 	0
Just posted a photo @ Eugene, Oregon 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #LosAngeles, CA?  #Nursing #Veterans #Hiring	0
15:02   NE@1 mph(Light Air) Gst:1 mph   Dry   46°F   RH:57%   Dp:31°F   BP:30.4inHg    Mn:Last Quarter #CarolinaWx #ClaytonNC	0
Cleared: Construction on #SawMillRiverParkway NB from Exit 33 - Roaring Brook Road to Exit 34 - South Croton Avenue	0
Cleared: Construction on #US219 Both directions from Exit   - US 20A; Ramp to Southwestern Boulevard; US 20	0
I️ found them, I️ found Angel and Michael! Our families finally meet passing through countries… 	1
Interested in a #job in #Austin, TX? This could be a great fit:  #BusinessMgmt #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Interested in a #job in #Kendallville, IN? This could be a great fit:  #SupplyChain #Hiring	0
Want to work at Accountemps? We're #hiring in #SanFrancisco, CA! Click for details:  #Accountemps #internship #Job	1
I'm at Nobu in Mayfair, Greater London 	0
I'm at Maza Bar in Porto Alegre, RS 	0
Want to work in #CollegePark, GA? View our latest opening:  #Management #Admin #clerical #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
New opening screen when you update Grace App @ Greystones, Ireland 	1
Macy picked a card from the giving tree today at the Inn Lodge. We… 	1
Loving our profession, a moment of concentration and thankfulness. #modernsalon #itelyhairus… 	1
temperature up 70°F -&gt; 72°F humidity down 68% -&gt; 64% wind 14mph -&gt; 11mph	0
Only 4 miles today, fingers cold in 37 degrees here🚲🚴💜 @ Chantilly Park Condominiums 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Medical Director - Large Non Profit Hospice! Great... - 	1
My recent shoot with Wilhelmina LA model, Timothy Lambert. @wagnerlaphoto @timlambert41… 	0
I would call this a true #fieldofdreams ⚾️⚾️ The Team: Event Design @bobconti_ edlibbycoevents… 	0
Spirit Songs is a vendor at this year's Art4&lt;$100Sale - Dec. 2nd! @… 	0
Want to work at UPS? We're #hiring in #Oakland, CA! Click for details:  #Labor #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Just posted a video @ Top Of The Rock NYC 	0
I'm at Ponto da Via Light 	1
temperature down 16°C -&gt; 8°C humidity up 37% -&gt; 73% wind 3kmh -&gt; 1kmh	0
Now watching...Hart Of Dixie...Season 3 Episode 19...L'uomo… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in WI?  #B2B #Hiring #CareerArc	1
See our latest #Boyce, LA #job and click to apply: General Manager in Training - Retail -  #Retail #Hiring	0
Drinking a GrumpyFish by Long Island Beer &amp; Malt Enthusiasts @ Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum — 	0
Crooked Creek Meats would like to show our appreciation to Veterans. This Saturday we are giving… 	0
Here’s me living my fullest life at the austindragfest last night. If you’re around, join me in… 	1
If you're looking for work in #GalesFerry, CT, check out this #job:  #cfgjobs #Hiring #CareerArc	0
As I sat and thought about who to include in my Veteran's Day post I… 	1
#HPC Four levels of play are now complete in the Main Event, and players have left the Show Lounge for their firs... 	0
We ❤️ our local bike shop! Happy 35 years, @biketechmacon! @ Bike Tech Macon 	1
Recap | IE —   High taxes blamed for a pint of Guinness being 66 per cent cheaper in Spain than in Ireland - He sai… 	0
On this day we honor those who have served our great nation to protect the freedoms we share.… 	1
My nigga get it #outthemud thefavoriteflaw  this might be a hard pill to swallow but if u like a… 	0
If you're looking for work in #Albuquerque, NM, check out this #job:  #dialysis #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Recap | AUNZ —   Young leaders urged to apply for UN forum 	0
Izzie came to visit 😍 #Candid @ Durham, North Carolina 	0
Just posted a photo @ Northport, Alabama 	0
Mmmmm interesting... #colourfulcountry #visitpuebla #visitmexico🇲🇽… 	1
Come visit me at Copper Still Moonshine Grill!! It’s our 4 year Anniversary party today!! We’ll… 	0
Want to work at VALUE CITY FURNITURE? We're #hiring in #Dublin, OH! Click for details:  #Sales #Job #Jobs	1
Drinking a Scatterbrain by @beardedirisbrew @ Sigler's Craft Beer and Cigars — 	0
I'm at Ashknany Residence 😌 	1
Updated: Special Event on #BarclaysCenter 	1
“It don’t matter if you win by an inch or a mile, Winning’s winning”-Dom Toretto   📸:… 	1
I'm at R &amp; G Variety Store in Chapmanville, WV 	1
Cebu S Q U A D ❤️   Thank you so muchie  chanaerys_ melquiweee and Ate Arlen for arranging this… 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Shipping / Receiving Clerk -  #Sales #Sunnyvale, CA #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? PBX Operator -  #dtx #rn #healthcare #veterans #Admin #Clerical #Hiring	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #StLouis, MO?  #Accounting #Hiring #CareerArc	0
See our latest #LeagueCity, TX #job and click to apply: Speech-Language Pathologist -  #SLP #SLPeeps #Hiring	1
Bafana Bafana is lyk that one child who keeps disappointing the family, but never give up on them. Mxm	0
Join the Dollar General team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Retail #Gary, IN #Hiring #CareerArc	1
15:16  Wind:Calm   Dry   46°F   RH:58%   Dp:32°F   BP:30.4inHg    Mn:Last Quarter #CarolinaWx #ClaytonNC	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Drivers - Sign On Bonus! -  #Transportation #Livermore, CA #Hiring	1
Join the Corporate team! See our latest #job opening here:  #HIM #Professional #Houston, TX #Hiring	1
#UnitedCycle Edmonton is #nowplaying Try Everything by #Shakira #cubevenue	0
If you're looking for work in #Herndon, VA, check out this #job:  #CustomerService #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Hello Cigars .. Meet my little friend @IamBrianVinson   #throwback #cuba #cuban @cigaraficmag… 	1
I'm at Mister Kabab in Quezon City 	1
See our latest #Davis, CA #job and click to apply: Assistanat Store Manager - Davis, CA -  #Retail #Veterans #Hiring	1
On the air and doing my thing till 7p. @ Sunny 92.3 	1
@@keep_quitest's always a pleasure late having some followers thank you for following and I hope you'll be cherished with my tweets	1
#americanidol and #thevoice watch out, here comes Lacey! 🤣 . #cutekid #microphone #singing… 	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Line Cook -  #LineCook #Cook #LakeCharles, LA #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Want to work at UPS? We're #hiring in #Roswell, GA! Click for details:  #SkilledTrade #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Interested in a #job in #EvergreenPark, IL? This could be a great fit:  #dialysis #Healthcare #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Hoping to Escape New York and This Cold Weather for Sunny and Warm Arizona In Few Weeks!… 	1
I thought the Japanese maple was never going to change color. Finally did with this gentle doe… 	1
Still trynna shakebac from last night but money calls I’m 🏃🏾… 	0
I caught JJ out &amp; about foraging with her Ma &amp; Pa! They are such a cute little family. Happy… 	1
Grrrrrrrowlller Time. #edmundsoast #edmundsoastexchange #drinklocal… 	1
Disabled vehicle, left lane blocked in #BayBridge on I-80 WB before Bay Brg Toll Plz, stopped traffic back to Foot Of The Maze #BayArea	0
By by Phoenix. See you in a few days. @ Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Supervisor, Analytics -  #ProjectMgmt #NewYork, NY #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
IM A WHOLE MEAL YOU HANGIN W/ A WHOLE BITER @ YUH. 	0
L O O K  A T  M E  👀 _____________________________________________ #ernestetassocies #paris… 	0
Want to work in #ChevyChase, MD? View our latest opening:  #delivery #driver #Delivery #Driver #Veterans #Job #Jobs	1
I'm at Backwood XLive Performance Hall in Girne, cyprus 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Clinical Assistant - Medical Surgical -  #Wilcox #Hawaii #Healthcare	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Food Service Supervisor - Egeler 35015 -  #FoodService #Jackson, MI #Job #Jobs	1
See our latest #NewAlbany, IN #job and click to apply: Inventory Associate -  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Patient Care Technician (PCT) -  #EmergencyMedicine #NatronaHeights, PA	1
The Bergsma's out for lunch. #lumbertownalehouse @ Lumbertown Ale House 	1
Leaving Illinois	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Delivery Driver -  #Transportation #Whitefish, MT #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at Buds On Broadway in Saskatoon, SK 	0
See our latest #Ankeny, IA #job and click to apply: Director, Program, ABI Services -  #Healthcare #Hiring	0
I️ wouldn’t want to freeze with anyone else! #PSU #LOVE… 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Parts Delivery - #career #hiring  #Madison, AL #CareerArc	0
They are BACK!(in black) tonight at 9pm!  They will rock your face off🤪🤘🏻#livemusic #acdc #kcdc… 	1
Doing what we love #archery @ New Castle 100 Archers Club 	1
moderate rain -&gt; few clouds temperature down 27°C -&gt; 22°C humidity up 83% -&gt; 100% wind 0kmh -&gt; 1kmh	0
On Friday 10, #JasperCiN was Trending Topic in Calgary for 12 hours:  #trndnl	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Sr. Marketing Associate - Full-Time -  #Marketing #BeverlyHills, CA #Hiring	1
Want to work in #Williamsburg, VA? View our latest opening:  #MilSpouse #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Training Project Manager -  #ProjectMgmt #SanMateo, CA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Drinking  The Ferguson by @StudioBrew @ Bright Leaf Brew Fest — 	0
I'm at Nashville International Airport - @fly_nashville in Nashville, TN 	0
Want to work at Great Clips? We're #hiring in #Greeneville, TN! Click for details:  #Cosmetology #Job #Jobs	1
I'm at Rei do Sushi in Fortaleza w/ @alcilenetim @mylaaraujoo @sotopelotimbeta 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Seasonal LNAs HHAs / Home Health Aides and Licensed Nursing Assistants - 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Registered Nurse RN - Manager - Home Infusion - Hayward - 	1
MVA/Transport. Narromine (Trangie Rd, Narromine, NSW 2821) at 12 Nov 2017 07:18  #NSWPF #MVATransport	1
Want to work at Robert Half Finance &amp; Accounting? We're #hiring in #Torrance, CA! Click for details:  #Accounting	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Special Education Teacher -  #SPED #SpecialEd #SpecEd	1
German chocolate and fries!!!!!!!! 🤔🤔😎😎😎 @ Litchfield Manor,… 	1
Oakland's on top homie!!! 🙌🏽 CDP is #1 on the eater_sf San Francisco Heatmap: Where to drink… 	1
Taking appointments for any ladies needing custom wigs made, quick weaves and crochet styles.… 	0
Out here loving this land #grandcanyon @ The Hualapai Ranch at Grand Canyon West 	0
Happy Veterans Day to Big Al the people’s pal and all of the brave men and women who provide us… 	1
Circa 2015 bianchibicycles @letouryorkshire . #canon @canonukandie @ York 	0
I'm actually getting a good deal of writing done. And this space is pretty awesome. Will be back… 	1
Join the St. Joseph Health team! See our latest #job opening here:  #PSJHJobs #Nursing #SantaRosa, CA #Hiring	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Universal Banker (Gardena - W Redondo Beach... -  #Banking	1
Perm ✅ #marslivetribute #brunomarstribute #brunomars #brunomarslookalike @brunomars @ County… 	0
Want to work at Robert Half Technology? We're #hiring in #Temecula, CA! Click for details:  #Database #Job #Jobs	1
Venturing out today was awesome 👌🏼 @ Great Falls Park 	0
#thisisus - #exquisite #mystery @erikamarosi @paulelester #jamesbond moment #1677doheny… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Newark, CA? This could be a great fit:  #CitiCareers #Banking #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Interested in a #job in #Napa, CA? This could be a great fit:  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
What is identity? Talking about the theme for @FirstExposures  today! @ Rayko Photo Center 	1
Anniversary gyros before Thor: Ragnarok! Damn they're delicious. #gyros (@ Wrigleyville Grill in San Antonio, TX) 	0
Just a couple a paesans in a pie🍕🍝 #fuggedaboudit @ Longo and Weidman MMA 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: CAMPUS RECRUITMENT 2017 - Technology Analyst - Toronto -  #BusinessMgmt	1
Whom’s got it? #highlandsfoodandwine #highlandsnc @ Buck's Coffee Cafe 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Holland, NY?  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Kayley Renee put on a great show for our first official live music night last night! Thanks for… 	1
Ran into our @lasttriumph label mates goodmorningbedlamofficial at Bob's. Canada bound. @ Bob's Oil 	0
Want to work at MemorialCare ? We're #hiring in #FountainValley, CA! Click for details:  #HealthWelfare #Job #Jobs	1
Planet 21 OMG 😂😂😂😂now this is service! @ Planet 21 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Product Designer -  #Art #Cartersville, GA #Job #Jobs	1
Drinking a Hard Cider Dry / Sidra Seca by @maelocway @ Tapas Revolution —  #photo	0
Visible King @ Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden 	0
So Fresh, So Clean by OutKast is #nowplaying in Vera's On The Drive, Vancouver.	0
Standing on top of the slot machine. 🎰 That means I'm on top of my game. 😏 || Photo by:… 	1
Latina super woman mammas get together for a night out on the town. Had a BLAST w you mamma.… 	0
Join the PSA Healthcare team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Nursing #Hurst, TX #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Accident cleared in #Dallas on 30 WB at 1st Ave, stop and go traffic back to Carroll Ave, delay of 2 mins… 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Driver Helper -  #Transportation #Statesville, NC	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Patient Service Representative -  #OfficeTeam #Clerical	1
Join the Four Seasons Hotel Chicago team! See our latest #job opening here:  #massage #Chicago, IL #Hiring	0
Just posted a photo @ Vernon, California 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Columbus, OH?  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Adjunct Spanish Instructor Applicant Pool -  #AntelopeValley #VenturaCounty	0
It’s always great catching up with @heathevans44  he’s  such an amazing athlete and  really… 	1
Aesthetically inclined #Back Day here at the coliseumgym2.0 pushing heavy weight as usual.… 	0
A thoroughly refreshing day for a spin around #PennsValley. Capped with an equally refreshing… 	1
I'm at Mascoutah High School in Mascoutah, IL 	0
Want to work in #Mississauga, ON? View our latest opening:  #Marketing #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Chanos Latin Kitchen is a Hit in Pompton Lakes… 	0
Thought it was a #CottonMouth at 1st Glance saw the #TriangularHead then I saw the… 	0
Drinking a Caribbean Craft Lager by Turtle Bay at @turtlebayuk —  #photo	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Class A CDL Owner Operator, OTR Truck Driver -  #Driverjobs #Canton, MI #Job #Jobs	1
If you're looking for work in #Fairfield, OH, check out this #job:  #CustServ #CustomerCare… 	0
Wind 1.9 mph WSW. Barometer 1012.6 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 8.4 °C. Rain today 4.2 mm. Humidity 40%	1
The most loyal townies you'll ever meet @ Goodman Stadium 	1
Flyer Than Savage For a Thousand🤷🏾‍♂️👹 N.B.S 💦💨 @ Here &amp; There 	0
Having our own afterparty last night! Gowns in a dive bar. Perfect! Thank you orlamaguiremoore… 	1
With my love Princess Valentina 😍😍😍 #princessvalentina #valentinareyes #aquarius #westcoast… 	0
Up to 37% Off at Blow Dry Bar 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Parts Delivery - #job #career  #Tuscaloosa, AL #CareerArc	1
Join the Drayer Physical Therapy Institute team! See our latest #job opening here:  #PhysicalTherapy #Hiring	0
Good day to be a Rebel ❤️🏈💙 @ Vaught–Hemingway Stadium 	0
Shout out to my sister lynnwambui . Have a blessed year. Happy Birthday @ Clarett Lounge 	0
Training day 💪🏼 #poledance @ Ballare Pole Fitness Cholula 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Host -  #Host #RestaurantLife #Atlanta, GA #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Utility IV -  #cintasjobs #Manufacturing #Westland, MI #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Meatball Sub with Fries @ The Goal Line Pub 	0
Want to work in #NewYork, NY? View our latest opening:  #Marketing #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
The quickest way to add a little colour and dimension?  Add a little Sculpt! This pressed… 	1
The warm up to Retro electro at the tropicana tonight. A good warm happy crowd #westonmusicscene… 	1
Big day! 11,111.1 miles on the ride on 11/11 at 11:11am. #whoa @ Trejo's Tacos 	1
Just posted a photo @ Grays River Covered Bridge 	0
If you're looking for work in #WestlakeVillage, CA, check out this #job:  #Accounting #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Just posted a photo @ Perennial Springs Baptist Church 	0
Career Alert! We just heard of someone #hiring! Click to apply: Sales Lead Generation Specialist  #entrylevel #Sales	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Support Associate -  #Sales #Tulsa, OK #CareerArc	1
My birthday isn’t until Tuesday but these lovely ladies took me to lunch today to celebrate… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Hartford, VT?  #DieselMechanic #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Chase them dreams and don't let anyone try and stop you. 🤘🏻👽✨🔮🌙 Piercing till 8pm at… 	0
Join the Great Clips team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Cosmetology #Sunnyvale, CA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Join the McAlister's Deli team! See our latest #job opening here:  #fastcasual #hiring #teammembers #Restaurant	1
Want to work in #Gainesville, FL? View our latest opening:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Did we just become best friends? 👨‍👨‍👧‍👦 @ Tulsa, Oklahoma 	0
Join the OfficeTeam team! See our latest #job opening here:  #OfficeTeam #CustomerService #Miami, FL #Hiring	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #McLean, VA?  #DellJobs #CustomerService #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I'm at Brother's in Sivas 	1
Want to work in #Miami, FL? View our latest opening:  #Cosmetology #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
Want to work in #Edgewood, KY? View our latest opening:  #Automotive #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Thor finally!💛👫 (@ Cinemark in Curridabat, Costa Rica w/ @mariano1222) 	1
Nothing like a great hike to clear your mind . 🍃🌾✅ @ Jurupa Hills Hiking Trail 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Seasonal Sales Associate, J.Crew Factory, Carolina Premium Outlets - 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Team Member - Cashier -  #MilSpouse #Boulder, CO #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
#savage #broinlaw @ Wapping High Street 	0
@kipmurkomen @EstherPassaris @susankihika @florence_mutua @JoyGwendo @NdindiNyoro hypocrisy, wolf in goats skin	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Assistant Department Supervisor - #job #career  #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Mortgage Consultant (SAFE) -  #Banking #Bloomington, MN #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Enmeshed #clouds #iphone #iphonese #iphonography  #iphonephotography #chainlink @ Medicine Hat,… 	0
What a pretty day! @ Wolf Creek Park Cold Spring TX 	1
Interested in a #job in #LosAngeles, CA? This could be a great fit:  #IT #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Technical Operations Analyst -  #IT #Rozelle, NSW #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Trend Alert: 'Franks'. More trends at  #trndnl 	1
I can watch but not take part Where I end and where you start Where you, you left me alone You… 	0
The perfect combo 🥫🥣+🧀&amp;🍞 Find the 🚌 serving right now @trackonenash for @project615 #Nashvember… 	0
Wonderful lunch with the rellies (and Scott! 🤗 @ Harry Caray's Italian Steakhouse 	1
Want to work at OhioHealth? We're #hiring in #Columbus, OH! Click for details:  #Nursing #Job #Jobs	1
Just hanging out near a wall... @ Playa las palmas..nuevo amanecer.. 	0
temperature up 30°F -&gt; 36°F humidity down 34% -&gt; 21% wind 10mph -&gt; 6mph	0
I'm at Sr onelio Sanduiches 	1
temperature down 15°C -&gt; 10°C humidity up 70% -&gt; 83% wind 3kmh -&gt; 2kmh	0
Jimmy Howard | Detroit Redwings @ Jason Livery - Custom Painted Goalie Masks 	0
5th Grade Boys - Championship (G1) - OK Cross def. OK Hoops 25-18 @exposurebball	0
An obligatory couple shot from the beautiful city of Paris. This tower with all its metal is an… 	1
If you're looking for work in #SanLeandro, CA, check out this #job:  #Quality #RandD #manufacturing #Hiring	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #FortCollins, CO?  #Labor #Hiring	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Restaurant Manager -  #Hospitality #LasVegas, NV #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I'm at The Avenues in Kuwait City, Al Farwaniyah Governorate 	0
When the leaves turn brown...  🍁🐵🍁🐵🍁🐵 #snaps #snap #fujifilm #fujixseries #fujifeed #portrait… 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Beauty Advisor -  #Retail #Chicago, IL #CareerArc	1
Disabled vehicle affecting the interchange ramp in #WestSide on Beltway W SB at The I-10 Katy Fwy #traffic 	0
The Royal Mile @ Edinburgh, United Kingdom 	1
#Beauty is #confidence applied directly to the #face! #facepaint #masquerade #redhead… 	1
Want to work at BAYADA? We're #hiring in #Woodbury, NJ! Click for details:  #Nursing #Job #Jobs	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Junior Legal Secretary -  #RHLegalJobs #Sales #SanFrancisco, CA #Hiring	1
Want to work in #Austin, TX? View our latest opening:  #CustomerService #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
If you're looking for work in #Lewisville, TX, check out this #job:  #parttime #Cashier #Veterans #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Interested in a #job in #Houston, TX? This could be a great fit:  #Education #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Valparaiso, IN?  #MilSpouse #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Never felt so whole before.😘 @ Ohio State University 	0
Damn #hooverdam @ The Hoover Dam 	0
Saturday night vibes. New outfit!! Thanks to danielhechterus #danielhechter @clubroma will be… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Part Time Retail Sales Consultant -  #Retail #Thornton, CO	1
Let’s go Terps! @ Capital One Field at Byrd Stadium 	1
I'm at Macdonald's in Adan 	1
“They gang, we gang, but they are not the same”.. 💰🥃 @ Lenox Mall Georgia 	0
G-HEMC spotted at 21:05. Speed: 63 knots at 1007ft on heading: 118.8deg Location:  Photo:… 	1
Want to work at Swedish Medical Center? We're #hiring in #Seattle, WA! Click for details:  #Healthcare #Job #Jobs	1
they don’t make em like they use to. @ The Walt Disney Family Museum 	0
Veteran rule 1. Sit by the monitor. Summit CD vs Ottawa Hills DIII title #cincysoccer @summitcds… 	1
Just posted a photo @ Manchester Christmas Markets 	0
See a virtual tour of our listing on 388 N LAKE ANGELUS Road #AuburnHills #MI  #realestate  	0
Smashed pennies are probably the oddest thing I collect. I just get so excited to see that crank… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Sacramento, CA?  #Labor #Hiring #CareerArc	0
El team en Millennium Park !  . . . . . . #chicago #usa #illinois #otoño #millenniumpark #city… 	1
Every Time I Die #etid #everytimeidie #thinktank #newcastle @ Riverside Newcastle 	0
EVENTS IN FRANKFURT MICE INDUSTRY NEWS - TOURISM NEWS - TOURISM MARKETING  JOEY KELLY NO LIMITS… 	0
Join the MarineMax team! See our latest #job opening here:  #SkilledTrade #FortMyers, FL #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Interested in a #job in #McAllen, TX? This could be a great fit:  #Parttime #Studentwork #Hiring #CareerArc	0
dogs of @Localcoffee107 ‘clarence’ #handsomemutt #adoptdontshop #local #woof #montclair @ Local… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Lincoln, NE?  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Interested in a #job in #Washington, DC? This could be a great fit:  #BoozAllen #IT #Veterans #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Celebratory Sweet Baby Jesus!!! - Drinking a Sweet Baby Jesus! by @DuClawBrewing @ Beaver Stadium Tailgate  — 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Gibsonia, PA?  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I’m lookin’ at you! You coming to see “The Rainmaker” tonight at 8pm or tomorrow at 2pm? 🎭🎟⛈We… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Host/Hostess -  #Hospitality #Augusta, GA #CareerArc	1
Catching up on strictly and the sparkle just keeps coming!! Another of today’s arrivals from… 	1
Alright @city2sea   Let’s fucking have you #City2Sea #FakeRunner #Jogger #NextLevelStretching… 	0
Enjoying a beautiful day at the Martha Stewart Food &amp; Wine Experience. #naplesflorida… 	1
Love this kid 💛 #fuhc2k17 @ Fisk University 	1
Join the U.S. Bank team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Banking #Medford, OR #Hiring #CareerArc	1
If you're looking for work in #Tempe, AZ, check out this #job:  #Hospitality #Hiring	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Part Time Keyholder - Merrell -  #Retail #Wrentham, MA	1
#Carpool #Charlotte -&gt; #Dayton rideshare 1 Seat offered split costs share coffee share music share food 	0
It's that time of the week again. Who's ready for another #EpicSaturday at Walkabout? Great… 	1
They threw my @kellysjelly at security. #fmfl extra F is Foodie. (@ San Francisco International Airport - @flysfo) 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Gainesville, FL?  #Recruiting #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Man can never be hot 🇯🇴 📸:thorhassan @ Amman Citadel 	0
Newly paved road DTES along the Train Tracks and PortMetro Vancouver! #cycling #bike #adventure… 	0
Want to work in #MaxMeadows, VA? View our latest opening:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Want to work at DELL? We're #hiring in #RoundRock, TX! Click for details:  #DellJobs #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Yummy indeed 🥂🍝🍴  #lbloggers #bbloggers #fbloggers #instapic #instatime #picoftheday #happiness… 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Prestige Sales Manager -  #Retail #CedarHill, TX #CareerArc	1
Stopped at one of my South Georgia Favorites... @ Stripling's General Store 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Instructor CTT, Culinary Arts -  #Hospitality #Morganfield, KY #Hiring	1
If you're looking for work in #Jacksonville, FL, check out this #job:  #KellyJobs #KellyServices #Accounting	0
Eastern Chipmunk 11/11/17 	1
I just finished cycling 5.44 km in 22m:00s with #Endomondo #endorphins 	0
Wind 0.0 mph N. Barometer 1005.2 mb, Falling slowly. Temperature 4.4 °C. Rain today 3.6mm. Humidity 61%	0
Spanish chicken and chorizo chicken with rice. It was heavenly once again!! Thank you again… 	1
"If I die, I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto..." @ Holy Cross Cemetery… 	0
A23 Streatham Hill at Barrhill Road 	1
Thank you so much make up for ever #makeupforever #beauty #blog #blogger #bloggers… 	1
👍 @ Tandy Family YMCA 	1
Gotta love their ingenuity and tenacity! #FutureEngineers @nsbe @ten80ed #R2FRC @ Sheraton… 	1
So I post a lot of photos but here's a video of me doing my thing 🙏🏼 thanks lilo._.and._.nani… 	0
Cue Imagine Dragons’ “Believer” :P @ Cineplex Odeon Queensway Cinemas 	0
🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼 (@ One World Observatory - @oneworldnyc in New York, NY w/ @hernanrivs) 	0
See our latest #Brea, CA #job and click to apply: Support Associate -  #Sales #Hiring #CareerArc	1
A wonderful evening with Syrian friends Rem and Hossan sampling… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Beauty Consultant -  #Retail #Lindenhurst, NY #CareerArc	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Fleet Maintenance Supervisor -  #gopenskecareers #Automotive #Hiring	0
The boys have NO idea of the historic place they are playing today! @ Teutopolis High School 	1
P-Diddy was my trainer today &amp; he gave my legs a great workout!… 	0
Finally trying this and it's exactly what I expected and don't want - Drinking a Double Sess(ion) by… 	0
Just led a "Treat Her Like A Lady" Cotillion escort workshop. Some great young men and future… 	1
I'm at Kuwait Towers - @kuwaittourism in Kuwait 	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: FULLTIME PALLIATIVE CARE APP -  #Healthcare #NewHaven, CT #Hiring	0
My homies 💜💜💜 @ Appalachian Trail Bake Oven Knob 	0
See our latest #FortLauderdale, FL #job and click to apply: OFFICE CLERK/Receptionist -  	0
Yo guys! Second Single out on Soundcloud! Link in the bio description as well! Hope u guys give… 	1
Local author Donnalyn Vojta will be @lookingglassop Saturday November 18th from 2-4:30 signing… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #DetroitArea, MI?  #CustomerService #Veterans #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Want to work at Reyes Beverage Group? We're #hiring in #Summerville, SC! Click for details:  #trucker #Job #Jobs	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Wrentham, MA?  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Join the NASCAR team! See our latest #job opening here:  #NASCAR #DreamJob #BusinessMgmt #DaytonaBeach, FL #Hiring	1
so happy to officially be a delta 💙💛 @ Stockton University 	1
Join the Meridian Senior Living team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Hospitality #SantaBarbara, CA #Hiring	1
in honor of today's FSU vs Clemson game- throwback to last year when I watched it from the press… 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #EvergreenPark, IL?  #FacilitiesMgmt #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Sat 11 Nov 2017 21:28 - Here's what the weather looks like... 	0
Interested in a #job in #Milpitas, CA? This could be a great fit:  #CitiCareers #Banking #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Human Resources Assistant -  #HR #Shawnee, KS #CareerArc	1
Does this opportunity sound interesting? Dishwasher -  #Labor #Houston, TX #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
#Carpool #Palmdale -&gt; #SantaClarita #Faceymedicalgroup rideshare 3 Seats offered take turns 	0
"concern": 1.4k streams, 100 downloads in 24 hours ❤️.  @ Jurupa Valley, California 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Elite Level Insurance Consultant -  #BusinessMgmt #Omaha, NE #Hiring	0
Heacham Weather:Temp=6.1C &amp; is Falling.Low=6.0C &amp; high=12.6C.Pressure=1011.4mb &amp; is Falling.Wind=0.7mph WNW &amp; gust 3.8mph.Rain today=0.3mm.	0
See our latest #Glendale, AZ #job and click to apply: Support Associate -  #Sales #Hiring #CareerArc	1
#lmao😂😂😂 #bigballentertainment is soft #instacomedy #entertainer #jokesfordays #instafamous @… 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Financial Analyst - Entry Level -  #Finance #SanJose, CA #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Blue Moon 🍺❤️🇺🇸 #bluemoon #bluemoonbeer #oceandrive #southbeach #southbeachmiami #miamibeach… 	0
The old strip is koo. #lasvegas #freemontstreet @ Fremont Street Experience 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Charlotte, NC?  #Sales #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Join Valassis &amp; live your passion in a flexible work environment that supports work-life balance:  #Production #Utah	0
#NowHiring in #Columbus, OH! Maintenance Supervisor, FT days -  #FacilitiesMgmt #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	0
You did a wonderful job York Falcons! Go Falcons! #yorkhighschool… 	1
Wedding bound with my favorite girl! @ Sumter, Georgia 	1
Drinking a Samuel Adams Blonde Ambition by @ShepherdNeame/@SamuelAdamsBeer at @uniofnottingham —  #photo	0
Didn’t get out for the bonfire tonight but I just caught the back end of the fireworks 🎆!… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Owner Operator -  #Transportation #Sacramento, CA	1
Want to work in #Dublin, OH? View our latest opening:  #Finance #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Store Team Member -  #Retail #MarlboroTownship, NJ	1
Want to work in #Festus, MO? View our latest opening:  #Nursing #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I'm at Heavenly Desserts liverpool in Liverpool, England w/ @alsafran367 @3bdalla_al3nzi @salman_alm7lsi 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Senior Accountant -  #Sales #Torrance, CA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Supplier Relations Specialist -  #Marketing #Pittsburgh, PA #Hiring	0
I'm at Subway in Kuwait 	1
Want to work in #Henderson, NV? View our latest opening:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Trial and error builds character.  I am a walking testimony that I can accomplish anything I put… 	1
Want to work in #WestWindsorTownship, NJ? View our latest opening:  #Healthcare #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
THE STRUGGLE IS REAL #CXNATS @ Point S Racing 	0
#euvoudeproenem just started trending with 36838 tweets. More trends at  #trndnl	0
Join the The Cheesecake Factory team! See our latest #job opening here:  #PrepCook #Cook #WestDesMoines, IA #Hiring	1
See our latest #Paramus, NJ #job and click to apply: Sales Associate -  #retail #parttime #Outdoorenthusiast	1
See our latest #Paramus, NJ #job and click to apply: Sales Associate -  #retail #parttime #Outdoorenthusiast	1
Hanging outside in this beautiful cool day listening to @charliejmemphis and enjoying some cold… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Atchison, KS? This could be a great fit:  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Breakfast #sopes ##homemademexicanfood @ Lou &amp; Camilo's Home 	0
#TINGALING still shaking the 🔈🔈 link in my 👎bio...💃💃new tune + video on the way… 	0
Want to work at Kapiolani Medical Center for Wo...? We're #hiring in #Honolulu, HI! Click for details:  #Nursing #RN	1
It’s cocktail time 🍸 @ Mount Washington Hotel 	0
First time on the trails with ol' Jameson. @ Xenia Township, Greene County, Ohio 	1
The 1st XV lost 26-19 at Worcester this afternoon but showed great fight and tenacity to come… 	0
Can taste each component beer.  Nicely done. - Drinking an Old Seven Tooth by @SockeyeBrew @ Sockeye Brewing  — 	1
Doing deads right today!  This show has me hyped though! @ West Des Moines, Iowa 	1
WELCOME BACK!   Morocco reach their first World Cup since 1998 with a 2-0 win at Cote d'Ivoire.… 	1
Join the Dollar General team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Retail #DadeCity, FL #Hiring #CareerArc	1
She is my hard @ Sous Prefecture De L'hay-Les-Roses 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Urbana, IL?  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
It’s got to be full marks from me.  Soft marshmallow smooth on the palate and absolutely flipping delicious. - Drin… 	1
Glorious carnage at the Brecon Gwent League cross country with @parcbrynbachrc Rain, mud and a… 	0
overcast clouds -&gt; scattered clouds temperature up 63°F -&gt; 69°F humidity down 87% -&gt; 68% wind 11mph -&gt; 19mph	0
Mass (@ St Mary Magdalen Catholic Church in Melvindale, MI) 	0
Want to work at Envision? We're #hiring in #Englewood, CO! Click for details:  #MileHigh #Engineering #Job #Jobs	1
Solid porter. - Drinking a Tartu by @urbanchestnut @ The URB  —  #photo	0
If you're looking for work in #Joliet, IL, check out this #job:  #Accounting #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Teaching Teddy how to sniff out the ball... I wonder if he can do car keys too for those days… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Pastoral Counselor -  #Healthcare #Tacoma, WA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Livin the good life in siesta key Florida ! @ Siesta Key Beach 	1
That song kept running around in her head. Straight out of Compton. And the samurai she saw in a… 	0
Duplex for #rent in Auburn Bay, SE, 3 bedrooms - $$1500.00. Available February 01  Calgary	0
Drinking a HobbstOberfest by @HobbsTavernBrew at @hoobstavernbrew —  #photo	0
#printworks #house #rave #ravers #deephouse #deephousevibes @ Printworks London 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: shift supervisor - Store# 06381, 18TH &amp; CALIFORNIA -  #CustomerService #Denver, CO	1
Want to work in CA? View our latest opening:  #CNA #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Please Come Early to avoid disappointment..  #fullhouse #saturdaynight @ajtheedj #guestdj… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Fremont, CA? This could be a great fit:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Store Manager -  #Retail #Evansville, IN #CareerArc	1
Interested in a #job in #Cincinnati, OH? This could be a great fit:  #BusinessMgmt #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Class A Driver -  #trucker #EauClaire, WI #CareerArc	1
current weather in Yonkers: clear sky, 36°F 25% humidity, wind 3mph, pressure 1034mb	0
Save our wild horses and places - honor our animals who also served horses, dogs, cats and… 	1
#Miami, FL #Trabajo: Environmental Service Worker (Part-Time No Benefits; Days) de NCHS  #icreateMCHS #Actividad	0
Interested in a #job in #WinstonSalem, NC? This could be a great fit:  #Nursing #Hiring	0
If you're looking for work in #Loveland, OH, check out this #job:  #CustomerService #Hiring #CareerArc	0
#VeganBread - #chappati (#vegan #dairyfree) - flame grilled whole wheat bread… 	0
The quickest way to start not liking yourself is to focus too much on your shortcomings instead… 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Turndown Attendant - Part Time -  #vegas #hoteljobs #VegasLife #Hospitality	1
If you're looking for work in #Franklin, TN, check out this #job:  #regions #regionsbank #Banking #Hiring	0
I'm at Romero Rubio 	1
Happiest place on earth 🌏 #disney #miaalessandra @ Disneyland and California Advendure Amusement… 	0
G O O D M O R N I N G... from my eyebags to di super bongga… 	1
Here is a Wedding Venue in Southern California to consider if...  	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: shift supervisor - Store# 20133, 1604 &amp; NW MILITARY -  #CustomerService #Job #Jobs	1
Family bonding (at @Cinemark Redding 14 for Murder on the Orient Express in Redding, CA) 	0
100 Tyvek CD/DVD Sleeves with Window &amp; Flap $13.00 #FreeShip  #Tyvek #Sleeves #Generic 	0
Celebrating Veterans Day! #sandlotsports #nycdodgeball #veteransday @ New York, New York 	1
My new studio is slowly coming together. Last week I drove up to Pittsburgh to build a workbench… 	1
Dover: 4:49pm: sunset	0
#Tidingsoftap is right around the corner! Get your tickets now!!!… 	1
I just finished running 0.19 km in 1m:58s with #Endomondo #endorphins 	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Inventory Associate -  #Retail #Mundelein, IL #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
See our latest #Bethesda, MD #job and click to apply: shift supervisor - Store# 00703, BETHESDA -  #CustomerService	0
Representing ManeStream Hair today. @ Crosstown Concourse 	1
Interested in a #job in #LasVegas, NV? This could be a great fit: #hiring #career  #CareerArc	0
Excellent - Drinking a Better Than Pants by @manskirtbrew @ Man Skirt Brewing  —  #photo	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Restaurant Associate - Cashier -  #parttime #Cashier #Denton, TX #Veterans	1
Rediscovering the world through her eyes... #pawpatrol @ Moncton Wesleyan Celebration Centre 	0
Daddy’s girl. Only on certain days though. 😏♥️👨‍👧 @ Bane Park,… 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Prep Cook -  #PrepCook #Eatontown, NJ #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Drinking a Berry Monks by @weyerbacher at @weyerbacher — 	0
West River love. #heartsofull @ West River Arts 	1
Meet me on the equinox ||📸: kellengaughanphotography @ Narnia 	0
Life has its ups and downs so when things aren’t going your way just go to your happy place and… 	1
It’s a party all up in here!! #DesignerCon #dconlife @ DesignerCon 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Credit &amp; Collections Representative -  #Finance #Greensboro, NC #Hiring	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Server -  #Restaurant #LosAngeles, CA	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Senior Financial Analyst, Asset Liability Management... - 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Internet Fulfillment Team Front End -  #Retail #StLouis, MO	1
Join the Advance Auto Parts team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Transportation #Hurst, TX #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Want to work at Panera Bread? We're #hiring in #OverlandPark, KS! Click for details:  #parttime #Catering #Veterans	1
That 2nd down play was dumb as shit, leading to a stupid quick 3 &amp; out	0
🤷🏻‍♂️ And we’re back 🤣 🙌🏽 #miamihurricanes #305allday @ Joe Robbie… 	0
The BEST game day dates @ Vaught–Hemingway Stadium 	0
Interested in a #job in #PiscatawayTownship, NJ? This could be a great fit:  #IT #Hiring #CareerArc	0
When it seems all around you is filled with chaos and becomes blurred... Stay persistant,… 	0
Great seeing friends today! @gamalalexander @ Thunderbird Adventist Academy (Official) 	1
Ottawa Citizen Ottawa, Canada Saturday, November 11, 2017  	0
Happy #veterans #day thank you all for your #service 🤙… 	1
Join the CVS Health team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Healthcare #GardenGrove, CA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Want to work in #Shawnee, OK? View our latest opening:  #Labor #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Certified Home Health Aide, CHHA -  #Nursing #Newton, MA	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Prep Cook -  #PrepCook #Cook #Pittsburgh, PA #Veterans #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Only wind no snow # Florida @ Brevard County, Florida 	0
Cleared: Incident on #Bxm10Bus from 5th Avenue: 57th Street to 5th Avenue: 23rd Street	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Electrical Engineer III -  #Engineering #Marietta, OH	1
#Carpool #Columbus -&gt; #Pittsburgh rideshare 1 Seat offered 	0
Wind 0.0 km/h ---. Barometer 1016.2 hPa, Rising. Temperature 17.0 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 99%	1
Interested in a #job in #AnnArbor, MI? This could be a great fit:  #Panera #Catering #Veterans #Hiring	0
If you're looking for work in #Pomona, CA, check out this #job:  #RN #Hiring	0
An article about my work on KODD Magazine Paris  	1
Surprised the bride with flowers 🌷🌹 happy shower Big Sister, I love you so much, and wish you… 	1
I'm at Gardner's BAR-B-QUE in Rocky Mt, NC 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Sulphur, LA?  #LineCook #Cook #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Physical Therapist, Inpatient, Outpatient, Home... - 	1
Atlanta GA Sat Nov 11th PM Forecast: TONIGHT Chance Of Rain Lo 41 SUNDAY Chance Of Rain Hi 50	0
Just posted a photo @ Central Hilltop, Columbus, Ohio 	0
🗣INVEST❌IN❌WOMEN‼️  These 3 Women are going to help me change the world 🌎   About to do… 	0
When is a turtle neck appropriate? Always in my book. 🤷🏾‍♂️  #KEVAIND #art #culture #money… 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Part-time Dockworker -  #Labor #Irving, TX #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Just capturing the essence with my lady #f30 #bmw ⛅️ @ Nassau County, New York 	1
#emozioni  #bucharest 🗺☄⚘ @ Romanian National Opera, Bucharest 	0
The night was still very!!! young...#birthdaycelebrations @ Thibo Cafe 	0
Your life isn’t yours if you constantly care what others think. #living @ North Carolina 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Sales Specialist Plumbing -  #Sales #CitrusHeights, CA #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
THIS IS REALLY MY MOOD ‼️☺  #EveryDay 🙌🏼 SONG: #Boyz2Men By #KidTheWizOnTheTrack 🎶🇩🇴  MY SQUAD… 	0
Want to work in #SanBruno, CA? View our latest opening:  #Nurse #RN #Nursing #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
Perth Amboy NJ Sat Nov 11th PM Forecast: TONIGHT Partly Cloudy Lo 21 SUNDAY Mostly Cloudy Hi 49	0
#coloursofcluny #grantpark #forres @ Forres 	0
Sergio Aguero seals Argentina win in Moscow  via @todayng 	0
Party time with the gang in Madrid ivanmalagon robertbialach @ Perrachica 	0
Night out with this lot! #gin #drinkingwithfriends @ The Gin House… 	1
Interested in a #job in #Albuquerque, NM? This could be a great fit:  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
When my client speaks we listen 😊😊😊😊 #blackexellence #futureisfemale @ City of Atlanta 	0
Toledo OH Sat Nov 11th PM Forecast: TONIGHT Mostly Cloudy Lo 29 SUNDAY Rain Hi 40	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Business/Data Analyst -  #ProjectMgmt #EdenPrairie, MN	1
I'm at T2 (International) Terminal - @melair in Tullamarine, VIC, VIC 	0
Interested in a #job in #Redmond, WA? This could be a great fit:  #Sales #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Good day at the Rugby. #AsOne #backingblue @ Murrayfield Stadium 	1
Cashtown PA Sat Nov 11th PM Forecast: TONIGHT Partly Cloudy Lo 20 SUNDAY Partly Sunny Hi 45	0
Raleigh: 5:09pm: sunset	0
First time visiting the 9/11 memorial museum. #nyctrip #girlsweekend @ 9/11 Memorial 	1
Want to work at Swedish Medical Center? We're #hiring in #Seattle, WA! Click for details:  #SwedishJobs #surgery	1
Want to work at Great Clips? We're #hiring in #Lexington, KY! Click for details:  #Cosmetology #Job #Jobs	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Cashier - Restaurant Team Member -  #FastCasual #Sacramento, CA #Hiring	1
Cheat sheet.  #TenDeathsOfHamlet… 	1
"In the trap bored af right now. We're open and all too smh. Good thing It ain't all commission… 	0
Not a bad few days for @Teamkarting 2 days 2 award ceremonies! #RochdaleBusinessAwards… 	0
Interested in a #job in #FortWorth, TX? This could be a great fit:  #Cosmetology #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Savvy and roomie Jamie at “Parents Party.” Below: Savvy bossing  her parents around at the… 	1
We're playing Chicago tonight!!! Doors at 7  Show starts at 8 subtchicago kalbellsringring… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? SR. ASIC/FPGA VERIFICATION ENGINEER -  #Engineering #Ottawa, ON #Hiring	1
current weather in Raleigh: broken clouds, 43°F 48% humidity, wind 6mph, pressure 1032mb	0
Yerma in The Desert opens next Friday! Get your tickets now. @ Greenway Court Theatre 	0
Interested in a #job in #Pinckney, MI? This could be a great fit:  #Automotive #Hiring #CareerArc	0
What a view #doac #harrahspoolparty #veteransday @ The Pool After Dark at Harrah's Resort… 	0
I'm at Scotch Club in İstanbul 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Full-Time Key Holder -  #Retail #Barboursville, WV #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I'm at Moody Retro by Matiss in İzmit, Kocaeli w/ @mukoreus @dasozer 	0
Interested in a #job in #SantaMaria, CA? This could be a great fit:  #CustomerService #Hiring #CareerArc	0
@TWEsq Tough call. But I was 3 when Bo won the Heisman and Takeo was a phenomenon that kinda grew in the NFL.	1
So MUCH balloon 🎈 fun at @Pizza90SOaks #grandopening 🍕👍🏼☺️ @ Sherman… 	1
I'm at Middle Of Taylor Lake in Seabrook, TX 	0
Want to work at U.S. Bank? We're #hiring in #StPaul, MN! Click for details:  #Sales #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
I'm at Arda Siteleri 	1
#SaturdaySelfie 🤓 @ Ede Residence 	0
this is what 18 pies to the face look like (after some cleaning up)… 	1
Just posted a photo @ Winston-Salem, North Carolina 	0
Want to work in #Vista, CA? View our latest opening:  #MedAssist #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
DREAMLAND from BLACK PROJECT sour golden… Ales	0
I'm at Olivia's Creperie &amp; Bakery in San José 	1
I'm at @CondadoTacos in Columbus, OH w/ @chrislamacchia 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Server -  #serverlife #FOH #fastcasual #Serverlife	1
Want to work in #FortMyers, FL? View our latest opening:  #Marketing #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Congrats to our finalists from starrsmillcheer in the Georgia Cheerleader of the Year… 	0
For a good time, call @eatcalifornia  #OG #Toronto #sandwiches @ California Sandwiches 	1
Back and forth across the pond.  #success #twoofakind #dynamicduo #ittakestwo #timetospare… 	1
Blurry BGBS Day!  This is my fave, the Bourbon GBS Gingerbread Stout #beer #craftbeer #beernerd… 	1
I'm at @PortodeGalinhas in PE 	1
#parsleydust #haventdonethissinceculinaryschool @1Fifty1Elmhurst @ One Fifty One Kitchen Bar 	0
See our latest #NewYork, NY #job and click to apply: barista - Store# 03421, WEST 23 &amp; 8 TH -  #CustomerService	0
If you're looking for work in #Fraser, MI, check out this #job:  #CustomerService #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Katie from #sierrabodyworks helping Isaac stretch it out before he conquers the next 5 hours.… 	0
See our latest #Louisville, KY #job and click to apply: Administrative Assistant -  #BusinessMgmt #Hiring	0
Interested in a #job in #Miami, FL? This could be a great fit:  #FNA #icreateMCHS #Healthcare #Hiring	0
Great win to end the season, 12-6 over Gilroy in the Battle of the… 	1
Just posted a photo @ Lake Pueblo State Park 	0
I might be one of the few people who actually likes going to the dentist cause I get free stuff… 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Sonographer II, Saint Joseph East, Heart Institute, Pool, Days -  #Hiring	1
See our latest #Anderson, CA #job and click to apply: shift supervisor - Store# 11828, RHONDA &amp; PLEASANT... - 	1
See our latest #Hammond, LA #job and click to apply: Dishwasher -  #Dishwasher #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Excited to be at DEATH VALLEY!!! @ Clemson Death Valley Stadium 	1
Interested in a #job in #Chiefland, FL? This could be a great fit:  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Just posted a photo @ Madrid, Spain 	0
If you're looking for work in #RockIsland, IL, check out this #job:  #Purchasing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Driver Helper -  #Transportation #Brighton, MI #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Operational Risk Specialist - Quality Control -  #regions #regionsbank	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Site Specialist On-Site Customer Support Rep -  #CustomerService #Boston, MA	0
~thriving~ 🌀🌀 @ University of Delaware 	0
@petermckinnon Credit to @petermckinnon for removing the video I mentioned from YouTube and re-uploading an edited… 	0
Flower time with charlesdelisleoffice  @maximobistrot @maximobistrot @ Maximo Bistrot Local 	0
'علي محمد' appeared on Saturday 11 at the 17th place in the Top20 of United Arab Emirates's Trends:  #trndnl	1
Thank You.  #freedomisnotfree #usa #veteransusa #veterans_us @ United States 	1
Updated: Construction on #M31Bus EB at W 57th Street : 8th Avenue 	0
'Italien' appeared on Friday 10 at the 7th place in the Top20 of Stockholm's Trends:  #trndnl	0
Just posted a video @ Doha 	0
at 1:58pm: haze -&gt; few clouds temperature up 67°F -&gt; 71°F humidity down 63% -&gt; 60% wind 4mph -&gt; 9mph	0
See Deloitte's latest #SanFrancisco, CA #job and click to apply: Senior Salesforce Developer - Senior... - 	0
#Repost jahfulnoize_intl… 	1
I'm at Iris' House 	1
Keeping swiping to see pics of nutritional complete solutions for that so so one per day… 	0
See our latest #Waterloo, ON #job and click to apply: Technical Consultant -  #IT #Hiring	0
Finally!!! I’ve been wanting an 11U team for years and now these girls are making up the first… 	1
😳😳 check this out ! #instagram #bee #insects #honey #honeycomb #homedecor #awesome #pensacola @… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Lyndhurst, OH? This could be a great fit:  #Sales #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Started my morning with God and my church family at 444 Ministry...time to hit the books, no… 	0
If you're looking for work in #Wilmington, NC, check out this #job:  #Manufacturing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Drinking a Fear the Black Cat by Forge Brewhouse @ FoBAB - Festival of Wood and Barrel Aged Beer 2017 — 	0
Not getting into any trouble at all. Not at all... 😂😂😂 @ New Hope, Pennsylvania 	0
I'm at @Outback Steakhouse in Orange, CT w/ @awdsome_jess 	0
Happy Birthday Khavion #ChefK #auntie #❤️#greatnephew #🎳 @ AMF… 	0
Swiss Ball Saturday’s!! Today’s movement is a Swiss Ball Jack Knife. I love this move for… 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: SALES Part-Time ELECTRICAL -  #Sales #RoanokeRapids, NC	1
I'm at @BedBathBeyond in Chula Vista, CA 	0
Day 1 - Evening - Film Festival - #bali The crowned prince of Blahbatu pinse with a special… 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Parts Delivery -  #Albuquerque, NM #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Drinking a There Gose the Neighborhood by @IndieBrewingCo/@dryriverbrewing at @dryriverbrewing —  #photo	0
@LanaParrilla doesn't want to get off stage. Lol #evilregals #ouatburbank @ Burbank Marriott… 	0
3 Yahoo's on a semi stormy night @ Fitzpatrick Residence 	1
Nature in action. #circleoflife #spidersarecool #auduboncenter #naturecenterlife… 	1
I swear he’s happy to see me:) @ Ramapo College of New Jersey 	1
DayDreaming 🙋🏻😘 #CakeDoll #Tapatia #Guadalajara #Guapa en Starbucks Alcalde 	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Sr. Embedded Firmware Engineer (Object Oriented Design) - 	1
I made some art! 🎨 I finally bought paints in Brazil. It felt good to stretch my artist side.… 	1
Just posted a photo @ Downtown Long Beach 	0
Interested in a #job in #RockHill, SC? This could be a great fit:  #Automotive #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Food with my baby. (@ Leucadia Pizzeria &amp; Italian Restaurant - @leucadialajolla in San Diego, CA) 	1
Playing pretend with #buckybuzzsaw  Cheers! #playtime #imagination #cheers #fathersontime @… 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Retail Operations Manager -  #Retail #Tyler, TX #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Zumbrota, MN?  #Manufacturing #Hiring	0
Duke Asidere giving a talk and demonstration in the Nordic hotel. #Abuja #art #nigeria @ Nordic… 	1
@SmokeWindMusic_ @originalasia @SmokeWindMusic_ @MarthaQuinn @McLightcatcher @HudginsKen  #JohnWetton   As… 	0
Floral hop notes - Drinking a Sonoran Depravation by @trvebrewing at @trvebrewing  — 	0
🕊Allah's timing is perfect in every matter. We never understand the wisdom behind it, but we… 	1
Newman Smith Linebacker Julio Leon 	1
I'm at @Petco in Lutherville, MD 	0
When you have your favorite song, and put it on… 	0
“Look into my eyes and feel that Game 7 intensity” 🎂👑💚 📸 @thedalexander_… 	0
Want to work in #Brookline, MA? View our latest opening:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Hair Stylist -  #Cosmetology #WarrensvilleHeights, OH #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Join the Swedish Medical Center team! See our latest #job opening here:  #SwedishJobs #Finance #Seattle, WA #Hiring	1
#celebratory dinner with #teenagegirls looks like this… 	0
Enjoyed the @gcpa1969 conference where I was able to bask in the company of two brilliant and… 	1
Amazing tree @ Battersea Park 	1
#wales #rugby #vonglife @ Cardiff 	0
Drinking a Samuel Adams Winter Lager by @SamuelAdamsBeer at @dfvwines — 	0
Saturday is not under table 📈📉📊 #run #runner #running #door2door #urban #athlete #asics… 	0
I'm at Body Masters TRX 	1
"I confess pain took my will​ But here there's no place for it..."  De mi canción "Woods of… 	0
Left:my father right: grandfather Happy Veterans Day to all our men… 	1
Cheers to you, Ms. think-outside-the-box...... (Or.....) #ORwines #clubnaked ##gorgewineweekend… 	0
#PalmillaBeach pool is #nowplaying High Tide (Oliver Nelson &amp; Tobtok Remix).mp3 by #Lemaitre #cubevenue	0
"So that someday when you look back, the people you experience it with will see it as a 'happy… 	1
Life. #anxiety #mentalhealth #badday #ocd #adhd #bipolar #mentalhealthawareness… 	1
Alrighty, here we go! ❤️ #velice #discoteca #torrevieja #españa @ Velice Discoteca 	1
Being at the 2nd Annual Lets Talk Sustainability CEGEP Symposium was beyond fun! I got to… 	1
If you're looking for work in #Flandreau, SD, check out this #job:  #Transportation #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Good evening #Argentina! Sun will set in 30 minutes (local time 19:43) #Sunset #Photo #Photography [11.11.2017]	1
Original Buffalo Soldier 1894 @ Howland Township, Trumbull County, Ohio 	0
Baby Laura #usafveteran #usafbootcamp #femaleveteran #womanveteran #airforce #blues #2002 @… 	0
If you're looking for work in #Vancouver, BC, check out this #job:  #NowHiring #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Getting this last session of endless shrimp in... (at @RedLobster in Matthews, NC)  	0
Want to work at Swedish Medical Center? We're #hiring in #Issaquah, WA! Click for details:  #Hospitality #Job #Jobs	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Shift Supervisor Management Trainee -  #Retail #NewYork, NY #Hiring	1
Wind 0 km/h ---. Barometer 1015,5 hPa, Lento rialzo. Temperature 21,5 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 90%	1
Gene Fitzpatrick "marry a Moore and you'll never be poor..!!" Another charity event in the… 	0
Great day at the #SUTLBristol trampolining competition today!… 	1
current weather in Miramar: few clouds, 80°F 65% humidity, wind 15mph, pressure 1018mb	0
Today’s workout was called Flow on the Go yoga and I loved it! It basically pulled together… 	1
There's no limitations, There's no boundaries, No excuses,Only you, Dbbu®, Create yourself.… 	0
Here to report: Georgia fans are leaving the premises.	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Store Seasonal Employee Sales Floor -  #Sales #Portland, ME	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #StPaul, MN? #hiring #career  #CareerArc	0
Seriously? Already? @ Salt Spring Island 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Cargo Counter Agent -  #CustomerService #CareerArc	1
Interested in a #job in #FortOglethorpe, GA? This could be a great fit:  #parttime #baker #bakery #Veterans #Hiring	0
Love me a good crescent pose - probably cause my hip flexors are always tight! Stretching your… 	1
It might not mean a lot to y’all but to me it’s EVERYTHING!! I just want to thank each and every… 	0
Interested in a #job in #Lafayette, CA? This could be a great fit:  #Labor #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Good evening #Argentina! Sun will set in 30 minutes (local time 19:51) #Sunset #Photo #Photography [11.11.2017]	1
Want to work in #LosAngeles, CA? View our latest opening:  #Retail #Job #Jobs #Hiring	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Relationship Mgr III, CRE -  #Banking #Houston, TX #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
If you're looking for work in #Porterville, CA, check out this #job: #hiring #career  #CareerArc	0
If you're looking for work in #Andrews, TX, check out this #job:  #Energy #Hiring #CareerArc	0
See our latest NJ #job and click to apply: FT Inside Lawn &amp; Garden Customer Service Associate III -  #Retail	1
Interested in a #job in #Asheville, NC? This could be a great fit:  #Hospitality #Hiring	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #CherryHill, NJ?  #ProjectMgmt #Hiring #CareerArc	0
See our latest #Chicago, IL #job and click to apply: Account Specialist - Truck Rental -  #Sales #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Want to work in #Lubbock, TX? View our latest opening:  #Nursing #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I'm at 10 Fitness in Little Rock, AR 	0
My Nigga Said it the best. But I got the smart mouth.. Let my… 	1
Drack Shezee – One Chance  	0
See our latest #NewYork, NY #job and click to apply: GENERAL MANAGER - POTENTIAL OPPORTUNITY - BUSINESS... - 	1
@shipsticks lost my clubs for the second time in two years but thanks to streamsongresort for… 	0
Where’s my beer? #amoi #vj #puzzle #milk #turin @ MILK Torino 	1
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know Peace // Jimi Hendrix.… 	1
Cleared: Construction on #NewarkLightRail Both directions from Broad Street Station to Newark Penn Station	0
Cleared: Incident on #Bxm10Bus from Madison Avenue: 42nd Street to Madison Avenue: 57th Street	0
Our original team for the @stevenlittlefit Relay for Hunger has been riding since the REV 1.0… 	0
I see @Japanther miswrote a status update and ought to have said “apart as a [its] own particular” instead.	0
Fantastic weekend in the mountains at my parent’s home. We bought… 	1
Want to work at Applebee's? We're #hiring in #Lewiston, ID! Click for details:  #Hospitality #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
Accident: left shoulder blocked in #Lenexa on K-10 WB at Cedar Crk Pkwy, stop and go traffic back to K-7, delay of 5 mins #KCtraffic	0
Join the Supplemental Health Care team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Nursing #AnnArbor, MI #Hiring	1
Wine Shorty's -The Women of Wine under 5'4. A force to be reckoned with. #wine #wineshortys… 	1
1 Black-and-white Warbler (Mniotilta varia) - Tecolote Canyon Natural Park - Genesee Ave. to Balboa Ave.  - 2017-11-11 07:30	0
WHATSAPP : 011-39895120 WECHAT : AMIRSHADZLY400 @ Johor Bahru 	0
Rp by 💰 #IAmPhillyWeeden Personal Training Client iamlove144  I am my motivation.......… 	0
See our latest #EastSyracuse, NY #job and click to apply: Inspector -  #Engineering #Hiring	1
I'm at @WinCoFoods in Tracy, CA 	0
Want to work in #Dallas, TX? View our latest opening:  #CitiCareers #ProjectMgmt #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Nearing the end of SDBW 😕 - Drinking a Pineapple SDBW IPA by @GalacticBrew at @galacticbrew  —  #photo	0
Have a great day At HQ can’t wait to go back Next weekend for England vs Australia  🔴⚪️🔴⚪️🏉🏉🏉… 	1
I'm at @TexasRoadhouse in Pasadena, MD 	0
Stickney IL Sat Nov 11th PM Forecast: TONIGHT Rain And Snow Lo 35 SUNDAY Rain And Snow Hi 39	0
I'm at @TheBroad Museum in Los Angeles, CA  	0
I have the best team💗💗 thank you aettune for giving your best every time, even when it's 45… 	1
Ended the Junior year today... hard to believe how quickly it has… 	0
Distilled in a glass column using the 12 botanicals from Siderit London Dry Gin (sideritis… 	1
Kansas City MO Sat Nov 11th PM Forecast: TONIGHT Rain Lo 41 SUNDAY Partly Cloudy Hi 50	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Fire Protection Engineer -  #Engineering #LosAngeles, CA	1
Lunch with Sandra and Albie! (@ Chez Soul in Fairfield, CA) 	1
He loves it when I️ take his picture. 😄 @ Vanderbilt Stadium 	1
Saturday • tap for creds @ Upper East Side 	1
Want to work at O'Reilly Auto Parts? We're #hiring in #BuffaloGrove, IL! Click for details: #hiring #career  #Job	1
Basket, bucket or hat. May yours always be full. #achenbackfarm  #stetson  #organicgardening… 	1
We are gonna blow the roof off the Frequency tonight!  Here's a little sample of the funky rock… 	0
Happy Caturday &amp; CONGRATS, Pico - You've Been #ADOPTED 😻 @ Nashville Humane Association 	0
🎶Set a fire down in my soul. That I can't contain, that I can't control. I want more of You,… 	0
See our latest #IowaCity, IA #job and click to apply: Director Medical Records/HIM -  #HealthInformationManagement	0
hot as hades @ North Carolina 	1
My best friend💕 #boyfriend @ Shady Brook Farm 	0
State Cup 04G (@ Fallon Sports Park in Dublin, CA) 	0
Showing property in the fall is a good time.   - 24/7  #zillow #homeowners… 	1
Thick, milky, chocolate, toasted - Drinking a Dragon's Milk by @NewHollandBrew @ Pour Taproom Santa Cruz  — 	0
I'm keep 305 Till I Die Hurricanes stand up D got my Back @ Fort Zachary Taylor Historic State Park 	0
Interested in a #job in #Slidell, LA? This could be a great fit:  #Retail #Hiring #CareerArc	0
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Seasonal Brand Associate - Hamilton Crossing -  #Seasonal #Alcoa, TN #Job #Jobs	1
See our latest #Auburn, WA #job and click to apply: Registered Nurse (RN) - Canterbury House -  #Nursing #Hiring	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: Human Resources Generalist -  #nowhiring #HR #Tulsa, OK #Job #Jobs	1
From the summit on the Eiffel Tower! 😱😱 #paris #eiffeltower… 	1
Every single day is a pat of #movements for me   Jifunze Hip hop ikuoneshe ukweli @ Zanzibar,… 	0
@NewJazz_IRadio Please follow me back!	0
Couch-potatoibg all kindsa hard, today, but had to share a fav pic… 	0
@SusanHa53368025 I'm fine . Thank you.	1
london baby 🌃 @ City of London 	1
See our latest #SantaBarbara, CA #job and click to apply: Seasonal Stock Associate - State Street -  #Seasonal	1
Appetizer... @ Sky Box Hollywood Casino 	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Assistant Manager - Lompoc -  #Hospitality #Lompoc, CA #Hiring #CareerArc	1
I'm at Carnitas' Snack Shack - @carnitassnacks in San Diego, CA  	0
lirahbermudez 's acoustic version of Gloc-9's UPUAN 11/11/17… 	0
Sunsets at the brewery 😍 @ Ghost River Brewing Co. 	0
Interested in a #job in #Wichita, KS? This could be a great fit:  #Cosmetology #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I love #thriftshops especially in #Austin. 😍❤️ #TopDrawer #ATX #SaturdayShopping @ Top Drawer… 	1
Wind 1 km/h NNW. Barometer 1011,0 hPa, Precipita veloce. Temperature 4,8 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 99%	1
Interested in a #job in #BullheadCity, AZ? This could be a great fit:  #Nursing #Hiring #CareerArc	0
If you're looking for work in #Shoreview, MN, check out this #job:  #IT #Hiring #CareerArc	0
I might be the manager who sings along from the back of the room. ❤️ corinraymond waegvanwonk… 	1
It's been awhile since I posted on here @ University of the Incarnate Word 	1
Ajogwu, Catellote launch book to improve art collection practice   	0
Join the Robert Half Finance &amp; Accounting team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Finance #StCharles, IL #Hiring	1
Hello (@ British High Commissioner's Residence in Kuala Lumpur, Federal Territory of Kuala Lum) 	0
I'm at Vieira's House 	1
#GENERATIONX "It's sure hard to get a straight answer out of people now a days." #smart… 	0
Want to work at Sharp HealthCare? We're #hiring in #ChulaVista, CA! Click for details:  #Nursing #Job #Jobs	1
Showing my buyers some beautiful new construction as an option to resales in Boynton Beach. If… 	1
See our latest #Houston, TX #job and click to apply: TECHNICAL HARDWARE ANALYST II -  #BusinessMgmt #Hiring	1
Tonight @ A Town West 	1
#FoxTheaterDetroit @ Fox Theatre 	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Command Center Services Distributed Workflow... -  #IT	1
Saturday is not under table 🎥 #run #runner #running #door2door #urban #athlete #asics… 	0
See our latest #LongBranch, NJ #job and click to apply: MARKETING MANAGER -  #Hospitality #Hiring	0
#Repost lustny_ (get_repost) ・・・ @unclemurda &amp; The Squad in the Building❗️ S/o 5050therealchipps… 	0
I was out running 10.01 km on Nov 3 with #Endomondo #endorphins 	1
I was out running 11.02 km on Oct 11 with #Endomondo #endorphins 	1
Tonite 7-10p at hotelgranducahouston @ Hotel Granduca 	0
Drinking a Dick Or Treat by @dickcreekbrew at @dickcreekbrew — 	1
Yep!!! Still doesn't suck to be married to an amazing man. He took the heads of the shrimp off… 	1
Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #StLouis, MO?  #CNA #Veterans #Hiring #CareerArc	0
haze -&gt; few clouds temperature up 67°F -&gt; 71°F humidity down 63% -&gt; 31% wind 3mph -&gt; 7mph	0
Join the Johnson Controls team! See our latest #job opening here:  #BusinessMgmt #Lenexa, KS #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Disabled vehicle, left lane blocked on Cap Cty Fwy WB at Exposition Blvd #traffic 	0
Want to work at Melton Truck Lines? We're #hiring in #Shreveport, LA! Click for details:  	1
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Infographics Designer- Freelance -  #Marketing	1
@agot_isidro @andoyranay @Yassizzle #HappyBirthdayDTE @ Manila House Private Members Club 	0
Want to work in #Mayer, MN? View our latest opening:  #Healthcare #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Check out our newest listing in #GardenCity! Tell us what you think!  #realestate  	0
5:28pm: sunset	0
Interested in a #job in #Birmingham, AL? This could be a great fit:  #Hospitality #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Hanging with my great nephew and his granny (my best friend). It's been a great day! @ East… 	1
Just posted a photo @ North Philadelphia 	0
Flower Mound: 5:28pm: sunset	0
I'm at Cafe Agora in Atlanta, GA 	0
🤔 🎾 @ Balboa Park 	0
😍 Thank you to this new #bridetobe 👰🏽for trusting #HoneyBeeSkinBar with her skin: : @ Atlanta,… 	0
Interested in a #job in #CastleRock, CO? This could be a great fit:  #BusinessMgmt #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Pharmacy Technician - Target Store -  #Healthcare #OrlandPark, IL #Hiring	1
Perfect Day. #1111 💗 @ Walt Disney's Magic Kingdom 	1
TONIGHT @BlacYoungstafb will be shutting down club divas #NOGIMMICKS #NOWALKTHRUS nothing but… 	0
Drinking a Pineapple Pop! by @GrimmAles @ High Peaks Resort — 	1
We're #hiring! Click to apply: FS I -  #woodworking #manufacturing #Manufacturing #Tucson, AZ #Job #Jobs #CareerArc	1
The iPhone X is incredible @ Marina del Rey, California 	1
That moment you realized you left your freakin'… 	0
See our latest #Dallas, TX #job and click to apply: Production Supervisor -  #Manufacturing #Hiring #CareerArc	1
So stoked to be hanging with this beautiful girl. I met Sabrina Fieber and her now husband in… 	1
Maxx Nano to end my evening! @ABwalshy @alecbradley alecbradleycigars #cigaralleynj #cigar… 	1
Join the O'Reilly Auto Parts team! See our latest #job opening here:  #GreatFalls, MT #Hiring #CareerArc	1
Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy… 	0
This #job might be a great fit for you: Part Time Retail Sales Consultant -  #Retail #Logan, UT #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Checking out our new neighbors @ Harlow's Pizza 	0
#UdeChile (1) vs #SantiagoWanderers (3) #FinalCopaChile #CopaChileMTS #CopaChile2017 Campeon SW,… 	0
Great 60km morning ride #wyndham #cycling. Training for @CadelOfficial ride.  @bicycle_network I… 	1
⒈ #SaturdayNightShow ⒉ #SHAKEBODI ⒊ #BoleFestival ⒋ As IGP ⒌ #ALGNGA ⒍ World Cup ⒎ #SaturdayAfternoonShow ⒏ Ivory C… 	0
Arrest | Humbervale Blvd &amp; Royal York Rd [22 Div.] 11/11 18:24 #Etobicoke #Toronto	0
If you're looking for work in #Fitchburg, WI, check out this #job:  #Hiring	0
💥Can’t. Walk. 💪👊👍 #legday #bodybuilding #fitfam #crunchgreenwoodvillage #crunchfitness @ CRUNCH 	1
temperature up 11°C -&gt; 12°C humidity down 53% -&gt; 50% wind 10kmh -&gt; 8kmh	0
We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: &lt;strong&gt;Art Teacher&lt;/strong&gt; -  #teachabroad #edchat	1
Dinner (@ Luptons Buffet &amp; Catering in Temple Terrace, FL w/ @braxtonlebron) 	0
Looking for a beer?  I know a place... #350brewing #tinleypark #brewery @ 350 Brewing Company 	1
Want to work at Martin-Brower? We're #hiring in #NorthLittleRock, AR! Click for details:  #trucker #Job #Jobs	1
What if you lived every day like you were on a mission trip? #LiveOnMission @drchrisstephens… 	1
FREE SHOW!!!  . Head on out to bluebearbarn tonight and catch Perry from ashesoffolly,… 	1
Great showing today by our athletes. Not only by the teams who competed but also the athletes… 	1
I'm at Top Grill in Cascavel, PR w/ @thayaralt 	0
I've been working with @greenpeaceusa to organize a brand audit on Wrightsville Beach! Tomorrow… 	1
Drove down by the park and the light was spectacular. #spechtpark #fall #fallcolors… 	1
Drinking a Green Blaze IPA by @LongTrailBeer @ Shrewsbury, MA — 	0
We would like to honor all #vets today! Happy Veterans Day 🇺🇸Thank you for your service!… 	0
#streetsistaz #fitcamps2017 @joparryleeds @lydiafitcamps @ Ribby… 	0
First of many free tastings at @teaquation! Thanks to all the staff for treating Vinh &amp; I so… 	1
This #job might be a great fit for you: Salesperson -  #Automotive #Buffalo, MN #Hiring #CareerArc	0
Two on the opposite sides of the spectrum but still enjoyed @ West,… 	1
Forgot to check this in last night... (She Only Wants Me For...) 	0
Want to work at San Juan College? We're #hiring in #Farmington, NM! Click for details:  #HigherLearning #collegejobs	1
Game on. (@ Arbor Brewing Company Microbrewery - @cornerbrew in Ypsilanti, MI)  	1
Vehicle (Personal Injury) - Cherry St @ Commissioners St, -*-  - P333	0
Can you recommend anyone for this #job? In Home Direct Support Professional (DSP) -  #Healthcare #Burtrum, MN	1
Today at Falcon’s Nest...  #calamari #greygoose #saturday #anguilla #letseat @anguillapalate @… 	0
“There are friends, there is family and then there are friends who become… 	1
I'm at Renata Lanches - Lanche Dos Molhos 	0
My office assistant.🐱 @ MAYL Wear 	1